Best game ever
I would definitely recommend this game to all of you, it has ALOT of gameplay there are 3 free maps i think and they are all huge. And if you have spend like 500 hours finishing them you can buy one of the dlc's and get hundreds of hours more worth of content  So if you are wondering if to buy this game go for it.  Do keep in mind that it can require a good pc i play it with a 1070 6gb geforce graphics gard and i5 7500 processer and i get 60 fps
This is a brutal game at start, but when you get strong dinosaurs and guns it is so much fun
fricking awsome i got like 600h on it 
its a nice game if you like dinosaurs
I've had this game since the first few days of its life and can honestly say that I've loved every moment of it. This game really makes you work for what you have and does a very good job of reminding you that you aren't the most powerful force on the island. It isn't uncommon to spend an hour or more taming a creature just to have it killed by a stronger creature five minutes later. I can't say much about the official server/pvp situation for this game because I've never had the time required to compete. My time in this game has been spent on unofficial servers with small communities/friends and I think that's the best way to experience the game. A pvp encounter is often very one sided and the guy with the best dinos wins, but in a smaller setting there isn't anything more fun than laying in the bushed with your camo armor one waiting for someone to stroll past you. If you ever find yourself bored of the vanilla game, there is also a very active and large modding community that can shake up your experience however you want it.
I lost around 2 years of my life.... Definitely worth!
It's Good But It Takes A Lot Of Memory Like 12 Gigs And Takes A Good Video Drive And If It Gets Messed Up It Will be Hard To Fix And Its Grindy But Its AWSOME OTHER THEN THAT
The only draw back to this game that I can see, is that it is generally thought of as a PvP game... this leave out or turns off SO MANY people that would enjoy the PvE aspect. I play exclusively PvE and after 4044 hrs in game, on various PvE servers and single player games, I can only say that this is my game. All others pale in comparison to the amount of things possible, with the mod community providing so may new twists and turns it never gets old and there is always something new to try.  I will not get into my opinion of the developers...or where I think they screwed up or weren't attentive or proficient. That would take more room than I have. THAT SAID. Ark is and shall be, the best game I have ever played.
one of my fav
Very impressive game nothing quite compares to ARK in terms of content - whether it be the huge maps to explore, vast expanse of items and huge array of creatures to tame. I recommend starting on PvE before trying PvP so you can get a feel for the game before diving into the deep end.  I run this game on very plain low settings in order for me to be able to see players easier in PvP however even with my rig (1060 6gb, i5 6400, 8GB DDR4 etc) i get frequent fps drops so make sure you have at least a mid range PC. As well as this expect many frequent bugs, most not game breaking just odd and immersion breaking.  Gameplay also isn't very smooth expect quite a lot of lag spikes on high pop servers this makes PvP particularly difficult.  In conclusion if your willing to put up with the flaws this is an amazing game full to the brim with content its also highly addictive once you start liking it
Great survival game. Give it a try if you enjoy these style of games.
Just lost all my dinos by the fucking robots. Fuck you and this shitty fucking game. But its nice to play when you are bored. But fuck you i lost a 245 pteradon. I loved it. She was like my girlfriend that i never had ;(. Give me Ark 2 free now. Because i miss my fucking PTERANDONG
only buy this game if you have a good computer, but its fun
over 4000+ hours on official pvp servers, I will keep this short and sweet:   If you like to complain a lot, this game is not for you. If you can't handle getting all your hard work destroyed, this game is not for you.  If you like the challenge of building/rebuilding  breeding/rebreeding / taming / farming / raiding, this game is for you.  exceptional game. winning is fun. losing happens but that's ark bro.
This is a good game, with an absolute ton of content.  Graphics are fantastic and the gameplay is very good.  This game can be very unforgiving, and at times, seriously annoying - but because of the large community of modders, there is a mod for everything and resources on how to adjust everything else.  Every single aspect of this game can be modified if you want.  So if you likely dinos, building and adventuring around on your own terms - buy this game.
This game is by far the most liked game in by library!
nice gameEeeeeeEEeeeEeEEEEeeEEEE
very good
Its the Best game i ever played.
A really good game with awesome graphics and mechanics. As in all games there are of course things that needs to be fixed but overall a very fun game to play. You can play this games for hours and hours but now i'm at that point where I don't really see much else to do. Have really done everything that I can think of. Really nice time wasting game atleast!
I like riding dino :3
This is an EPIC well rounded game that rolls everything I have played in past years into one amazing game.  Does it have problems?  Yeah but technology is amazing WHEN IT WORKS right?    You want single player games?  Done  You want to PVP? Done  Farming? Building? Dinosaurs? Friends?  DONE DONE DONE AND DONE!!!  There is so much to do and just not enough time in the day to do it.  Addicting? Absolutely!  Vanilla or Modded it is so much fun.  I have enjoyed playing this more than any other game I have played ever!  Then you can top it off by checking out YouTube videos for fun, for tips, or just a great laugh!    My personal favorites are Neebs Gaming (Hilarious), SyntacYT and his crazy group of friends, and you can't forget the NerdParade gang.  There are so many its hard to choose.  Also, Primitive Plus is awesome - I do wish they would bring back the ability of collecting bees through gathering though.  I had watched a video that showed it and I have to say I was so disappointed that had been removed.  It would have been fun and the bee boxes were awesome.  I can't wait to fully check out all the new crops and items.  One last thing....  I haven't been playing long but I can't wait to check out all the events ARK provides for its players.  If you haven't checked this game out yet you really should.
In terms of gameplay and mechanics, I love this game. The survival feel it gives is unmatched when compared to other games on the market. The only mechanics that I feel could be tweaked is the gunplay, and the only other complaint being the relatively poor optimisation. Official servers are a grind-fest however, I'd recommend an unofficial or non-dedicated server if you'd like to play with friends - PVE and PVP have plenty of unique fun to offer, even if you generally prefer one mode to the other. Overall: 9.5/10
Prepare to throw your life away, because this game takes all. Oh, and if you think that 200 hours played is a lot, [i]get ready to have your mind blown.[/i]
fun game to play with friends.
don't go in the water  8/10
needs epic computer btw
amazing and very interesting game
Hope they finish the game! Pretty dope so far! Go devs
The first time you play: Struggle to make a spear and hunt dodos until a raptor jumps on you and kills you. The 1000th time you play: Make a laser rifle 5 minutes into the game and grief bases with a hang glider.
Quite good.
Ark: Survival Evolved is one my favorite games. I would totally recommend this game to anyone. There is mild blood and violence but nothing too serious. This game requires a very high quality PC to play at highest settings, but a decent laptop can play it on lowest settings. Overall would rate this game a 9/10, highly recommended.
After all these hours of playing ark, i love coming back to ark on servers and meet all the friendly people in just a few days everybody knows you and becomes friends on the servers.  Only thing i am negative about would be :When you join a server and it's full of pillars or everywhere builded already. luckily there is always space somewhere, you just have to look:)
It's pretty good.
go0d gaem!
A quality game, though a bit tedious to progress.
I personally think this is one of the best games if not the best game ( I ) have ever played it is everything I love I could not ask for a better game. Many people hate the grinding in the game but I think that is one of the most fun things and the excitment i still get after taming a dinosaur makes me never want to play this game is not for all people but i have played this game for about 2 years and it is so much fun especially with a couple friends i hope this helps you decide if you want to get Ark,bye.
this is a very well made game the graphics are amazing and its got sorta of a chill community
its okay
for some random reason the game wont load anymore after having it for about 3 to 4 months
Yes
It can be a great game but only under certain circumstances. I only play PVE so this is only for that. You can build, tame dinos of different difficulty, raise dino babies, and there are caves to fight in so you have multiple goals in game. It is possible to play PVE with a one person tribe. Make sure to play single player first so you at least know the basics before going out into the wild world of live server. Look through servers and watch people chat because there are some toxic servers. The servers with more days will most likely be hard to find room in for your base especially because older servers generally have players who have placed pillars everywhere. Most important thing though: BE PREPARED TO DIE OFTEN ESPECIALLY IN THE BEGINNING. Accept it. Embrace it. You will die. You will lose dinos. You might die and not be able to get all your top gear back. it will happen so don't bother playing if your response to this is ragequitting or non-stop spamming of chat.
I really want to play with my ps4 friends.  The game itself is awesome, but let pc and ps4 crossplay!
Good
its ok
This is an amazing game! me and my freind play on the island 43 all of the time, you can survive and defend yourself, there is pve and pvp, i play on pve alot of the time as you dont have to worry every time u go one but play pvp if your up for a challenge and want to fight humans as well. incredible graphics which will take your breath away if you have a good computer i am looking forward to see what events will happen on my server in the future it is always, unexpected and unlikely events to happen. it is a hard game even in pve so be aware that you will find it hard to get started but once you are on your feet you will never fall down completly you will have hickups on the jorney but it will not stop you. only complaint is you need to have a quite powerfull computer to run the higer settings.  9.9/10
Nice Game
Fun game that keeps you on the edge of your seat while allows creativity.
The game itself is a really fun exploration game and full of content from either mods or vanilla. A lot like Rust in wipes and very enthousiastically made. Very sad that it is and will always be a bit too buggy for comfort but in all other aspects it's amazing.
this game is one of the best games i have played 100% recommended i have put hours into this game. defiinitly worth it.
This game was extraordinary. Until it stopped working. I really liked exploring the Ark and whatnot, but now, every time I try opening the game, it crashes. I've tried many solutions but none have worked. So now I'm at a loss of what to do.
A game that changed it's genre more than twice! 9/10  I keep returning to it much like I used to do on World of Warcraft if that says anything to some of you.  It's worth it to at least try it out even if you haven't already.
its a great and addictive game
Everything got better once I just accepted the Troodons into my home.
Short:  [list]     [*]The replayability of this game is great. It's one of very few games that keeps me coming back to play.     [*]If you love a good survival game, definitely give ARK a try. You will not regret it.     [*]The graphics are amazing. Even after 1000+ hours of playing I'm sometimes still dazzled by a spectacular view.     [*]I mainly play PvE, so I cannot judge the quality of PvP in this game.     [*]Even if you're not a fan of dino's, the game is splendid. [/list]  Long(er):  I've been playing ARK since June 2016 and immediately fell in love with it. Even though the UI isn't the best, you'll get used to it quite fast and the crafting system is pretty extensive. The more you play, the more you learn about the game and the better you become at it. Either figure out everything on your own or check out the ARK gamepedia for information on how to tame your own dino's and make your (in-game) life so much easier.  You will die. Often. To piranhas when trying to cross a river. To raptors that you probably can't outrun. By starvation if you haven't found any food. But that's what a survival game is all about, right?  Building your base is one of the essentials in the game and I love it. I've rebuilt so many bases, each one in different locations and styles. The S+ mod made things even more fun, with more options and handy tools.   Unofficial servers can have different settings than the official servers, which means that you can pick whatever server you think is the most fun. Do you have little patience when it comes to dino taming? Pick a server with high taming rate! You don't want to spend weeks leveling to 90? Pick one with a high XP rate! You'd rather play the game the way it was intended? Go for a server with vanilla rates! The choice is yours.  As for PvP, I can't speak for that as I've mainly played PvE all these years. It will at some point join a PvP server, but that's only when the PvE part of ARK starts to bore me (which it hasn't so far in almost 3 years).  As I said, I keep returning to play this game as it's just too good to no longer play and there aren't any other games that come close to it. Like Diablo 3 seasons, you can quit playing and just restart again whenever you like and it's great fun no matter how long you haven't played it. If anyone finds a game similar to ARK that he/she thinks I should try, please let me know! ;)  
Best game, kinda broken but i love it
Very good.
I used to have a shit computer and didn't know how to turn off motion blur, but it's good if you are able to play it.
Ark is amazing. It is an open world survival game that adds in the most loved, unique and unknown prehistoric animals to the lands. When you start out it can be pretty tough to get a base started and get some tames on the move but when you do and your base doesn't get destroyed by trodons (personal experience) or other plays, you just started a long road of success. As well as the amazing graphics it is fun exploring the island and the many other expansion packs they offer, finding secret caves, explorer notes, and new exotic animals. The range of prehistoric creatures is immense all of them found in specific locations to suit the animal's looks and adaptations. raiding bases can be extremely fun as well as playing with friends and fighting the numerous bosses on three different levels is very amusing while also gaining advanced tek from it. If you become sick of normal gameplay try and expansion pack all of which adds in a completely different environment equipt with new threats and mystical creatures such as the phoenix and rock drake. There is also mods to do heaps of differnt things such as add pokemon or more animals to the island. Overall even if the dinosaurs and other extinct creatures arent factually correct it is still a beast game.
Tis the season to be jolly
Great Game!
While this game does have some issues it is a very fun game once you learn how to play and what you're doing. If interested in getting this game take the plunge and do it you wont be disappointed, just make sure you take the time to go online and read and learn how to play the game.
Fun game
I can't see my little 3 incher and balls. 0/10
Best Dino Game!
This is my favorite game. It has its flaws to be sure, and it needs an optimization pass (or two) BAD, but the concept is everything I want in a game. Taming, crafting, survival, building, open worlds to explore... so much in one game! It's worth noting that you will die when you are starting out. A lot. This is fairly universal with survival games, though. I'll admit I quit the first time I played way back in EA, but I was compelled to come back. I'm so glad I did. This game still lacks polish, but it's a diamond in the rough for sure.
Things are gonna get better real soon
By far one of the best games I have ever played....
My favourite game at the moment. Building can be annoying but I thoroughly enjoy being able to tame and ride dinos.
By far the best game i ever played...
It is amazing!
This game is one of my favorite games on steam.  It is best when played with friends, but not on an official server. I love the variety of creature you can tame.  It can be a little buggy at times and sometimes it takes a while to load.  However, the graphics are fantastic building bases with your friends is a lot of fun.  Overall it's a great game.  I highly recommend this game.
I love this game!!
nice
ARK: Survival Evolved is an amazing survival game. It really puts you in the "pre-historic" aspect of the world while throwing in some weird crystal stuff and beams that I don't even understand.  Yeah, the crystal in your arm thing is weird and the beams I don't understand either, but there's just so much grinding and customization that you can do in ARK.  You can tame different dinosaurs that can help you in PvP situations and can help you grind even more resources to help build your base.  Ultimately, if you get a few friends on a server, you can essentially rule the entire server if you can manage to tame some strong dinosaurs to help you out.  ARK is a really interactive and fun game, which is why I recommend it.
fun game
A lot of people talk trash about this game and like ANY game it has its flaws. With that being said, I haven't been able to stop playing. for well over a week now.  The North American servers HAVE been overrun with foreign players, which is frustrating due to the language barrier. Get a group of friends together, jump on a Small Tribes server, and kick all the ass!  The survival aspect of this game is amazing to me, enough so to ignore the occasional glitch and/or malfunction. Nothing that has broke the game.
The Good: Great community Many server choices Ok DLC and expansions DINOSAURS Good type of grindy Great with friends  The Bad: Graphically intense The Price  Boring without friends Takes up a LOT of storage in hardrive/ssd ------------------------------------------- ARK has given me and my friends many hours of fun and great nights of grinding. The game is just overpriced even if it comes with 2 maps. If you are thinking about buying this game just remember that it is better to play with friends. Ark just isn't the type of game where you can solo play.  Pssst... My twitch if you enjoyed this review :) https://www.twitch.tv/baggeet
Good game, but official PvE servers are all messed up. People are building random pillars that are impossible to destroy just so that YOU cant build nothing. And the official PvP servers are as expected, Difficult to get started, but once you have a good base and good items, then you can compete with the others. If the game didn't have the amazing singleplayer gameplay I would not have recommended this.
12
description: Ark: Survival Evolved is an open-world survival game where you are stranded on an island(depending on what map you play) and you have to survive by training the creatures around you and improving your gear and stats and unravel the hidden story of the Ark.  similar games: - Conan Exiles  Pros: - open world freedom - multiplayer - ultra realistic graphics - well thought out storyline - there is always something to do - Ability to build structures - create an army of creatures  Cons: - requires a beefy computer - small change to have problems getting to run the game correctly
It's an amazing game. BUT! DON'T touch official servers if you wan't to have a good time. Find a good unofficial server with suitable rates for you and have a good time.
Yes, This game has it's flaws, bugs, and fair share of glitches, but that comes with all games. I love this game, It's fun, Moddable, and has an thriving online community, and if you don't believe me, I wouldn't have 200+ hours in the game If I were lying. And if you get bored of the base map, there are 6 dlc maps and 3 of them are free. And then you have Modded maps that are also really fun!
Despite being large, it's an incredible game w/ a surprisingly low price (I expected a game like this would be $60). It has stunning graphics and visuals and sounds. The dinosaurs found in the game are very intriguing and the mods only add to the enjoyment you get from playing this game. I barely run into any bugs or issues.  Starting out in the game is incredibly difficult. I died a numerous amount of times. Eventually, you tame your first dino, build a base, tame more dinos, build a bigger base and so on. Despite the taming process being very lengthy, I think the most rewarding part of the game is finally taming your dino after hours of trying to knock it down, feeding it and protecting it from other dinos. This game rewards your perseverance and is a game I'd recommend to anyone.
Love this game to bits! Been watching YouTubers play it since 2015.
This is an absolute masterpiece. But just like all other survival games with pvp feature, is full of no-lifers.  If you are playing solo or duo on a public pvp server, chances are you will get wiped out by a server-jumper just as soon as you grow. Anyone can review any details of certain Ark server online so it is easy to spot  if anyone on a certain server has been grinding. Those server-jumpers, well all they do is reviewing those details, looking for their prey. And as soon as someone becomes ripe enough to get picked, they'll prey upon them. Taking days, weeks and months of their work.   If have an actual job and life and still want to enjoy the game, I suggest you play PvE. Otherwise you'll end up like me and my wife.
best game ever gg
gay
Played this game since it came out. I have way more hours in this game than any other. It is an addictive game however it can be frustrating at time. You can put hours of your time in just for a tribe bigger than yours that grinds all day to wipe you.
Ark Survival Evolved has a great, unique idea behind it but in it's current buggy, unoptimised state, I wouldn't buy it at full price. It sounds like I'm reviewing a pre-release game but this has been out of early access for nearly 2 years and it's ridiculous that I can confidently say that there are pre-release games more polished than ARK. It seems like at this point the developers have given up on making the game playable for the majority of people who want to play it.  My PC has an i5-8600k and a GTX 1060 6GB and I still have to turn the graphics down by a few notches, which would be understandable if they were groundbreaking, but by today's standards, they are OK at best (unless you play on max settings, which by the way requires multiple RTX 2080TIs and a Core i37). But perhaps what infuriates me the most about ARK is the game-breaking bugs that you almost certainly will encounter at some point in your playthrough, even map-glitches from the default island map still exist from release. For example there are too many rocks you can get stuck on to count, the game will randomly stop responding without warning, and most people seem to encounter frequent crashes to desktop (I seem to be lucky here). The developers seem to be more interested in adding DLC than actually fixing the game, which is disappointing.  After I have said all of that you may be wondering why I thumbed this game up, the answer is that it is just great fun, which is what a game should be. There is not another game that I have laughed at more [i]*cough* with the possible exception of stickfight *cough* [/i]. If you manage to catch this on sale for under £20, get it with a friend. It is worth it just for a few PVE sessions messing about, you won't forget it, and you might even get into the competitive PVP side of things, that still has an active playerbase.
Absolutely wonderful game! Has some performance and balancing issues. I play solo and with close friends and it is an awesome experience.
After some hours I have decided its good.
This game is amazing. : )
fun game
I bought this game cuz I like Dinosaurs....
One of the best games I have played
This game is lit
played it for a bit it's okay I guess?
It's ok.
i loved the game but after the newst update where you cant build on the obis everyone was getting raided please fix i have lost 100 plus hrs because of it
It's ok.
It's nice to come home after a busy day and escape to the wonderful open world of Ark. I can play the caves and work towards the mission.  Or i can explore the map and have fun taming the immense wildlife. Or I can sit, or go grind and build a wicked base to suit my needs. it is fun to play single player or even better with friends.... sometimes... Buildings S+plus mod and death recovery mod make this even better for a casual type player. The Team at wildcard has really thought of just about everything you could think of to be in a survival game.  I would recommend this to just about anyone. I can't vouch for PVP play, but that looks pretty intense and fun as well.
Honestly in my opinion, this game is the best newer game that I've played. The negatives to this game are bugs galore, lots of dying and restarting, and losing your good dinos. The perks in this are that you can have endless fun taming things, killing bosses, exploring, sense of achievement when completing something. All around this is a good game. It still needs a little bit of work, but most of the kinks are out and its running well.
this is my all time favourite game, been playing since beta, i also remember watching the scorched earth trailer and being hyped asf. i think everyone should try this game, the creators have been treating us very well recently, and i cant say how proud i am with the community and how we all have come together. Dont judge it, give it a try because who knows, maybe you will like it
get gud and game fun
I feel that Ark is massively underrated for the amount of content the game has. Think there is 6 maps, each with large and diverse different areas to explore (Except Scorched of course) And with the ability to build anywhere, tame (almost) anything, it's a game for almost anyone. I recommend Ark for anyone who wants an awesome open-world building survival game.
I used too watch Dino Riders on TV. Now I can be one.... so I wasted 1200 hours on just doing that.  Worth every second of it.
Play this with your party
is good pls buy.
I absolutely love this game. I play it for days upon days. 10/10 would recommend if you like games like Skyrim, Resident evil, etc. Is very fun to roleplay.
This game, is jaw dropping great. Sure the developers could fix a few things. But all in all, it's good, It's hardcore If iv'e ever seen one. It's hard to get started (Cause everyone kills you at the beginning), but once you get the hang of it, it gets a bit easier. You can find some of the nicest people on this game, they would just let you join their tribe no questions asked. It's easier to play If you have more people to help out. Not to mention all the cool mods you can get, for example Play as Dino. I Just love becoming a Wyvern and torching every creature that I see. When I first played this on my old laptop, it was hard since my laptop couldn't handle the graphics, ever since I got my new PC I have been having an easier time avoiding certain death from raptor bites.   Hope this helped you guys if you are having thoughts on purchasing the game.
(I post this as a positive review, but it's also a warning to those like me who would have been better off waiting longer before investing in it)  I'll say that I really do enjoy the game. It's not really ready yet for people like me. I get attached to things in my game. I like to craft. I enjoy PVE and don't PVP at all. The cookpot system and the fact that no crafting outside of the 'engram' system gives you any help at all (and most of the internet is outdated or otherwise problematic at best) means that the game, while enjoyable for the most part... has problems. The level of unnecessary frustration with certain crafting and other systems is ridiculous.   The game is focused on PVP and everything is tweaked with that in mind. The PVE portion really leans heavily on the cookpot, but the cookpot is one of the most convoluted, confusing, senseless systems I've encountered in any game. It's akin to handing a 5 year old a mixing bowl and expecting a gourmet cake from scratch without a recipe. Experimentation is great, but having literally NO recipes and NO clues anywhere, but the game being basically revolved around PVP where you can steal them early on, makes certain portions of the game miserable.  With all of this being said, you can see that I have over a hundred hours into it. If I could go back, I would wait until later to start the game, if at all. I would not pay more for it in its current state than I did, and it was on sale by more than 50%.     Pros:   Stunning visually  Immersive (jump scares are real, my friend!)  Dinos are very well structured, the AI pretty decent, and they are well laid out in terms of which ones can kick your behind even at level 1 versus you many times higher  The building system, while still leaving a lot to be desired, is actually robust for modern gaming  Mods are available; and this is HUGE, because some of the previous issues discussed (building) can be fixed with mods  Even with hundreds of hours, I haven't scratched the surface of what I now know is coming and available technologically  Before exploring, you have to really be ready--as you would in a world of dinos  If playing single player or hosting amongst friends, the server/ game is incredibly modifiable from how many dinos spawn to their power to their growth, etc. This is fantastic, can't say enough good about it!    Cons:   Server connection method is horrendous. Absolutely atrocious. I had to open MY ports as the joining party, and that just should not be at all. Please fix this, for real. I should be able to log onto my friend's server without two weeks of hair pulling and gnashing of teeth  Cooking system too important to be such a massive mess  Taming system is... not great. It is Early Access, so I'll give a pass, hoping it will be fixed  Everything is centered around PVP--which is a pro for the PVP'ers and a con for me. ;)    Overall?   Beautiful, robust game with a very, very long duration of play available. Hours of entertainment ahead of me still! Wish I had waited, but definitely recommend with regards to the game itself. I have no idea the storyline (if there is one), but as a sandbox game, it really has endless potential, anyway. The game has a "real" feel to it, and it's obvious that a great deal of loving attention to detail and to incredible game play has been put into it. While I find some aspects of it to be excruciating in a bad way... I can still honestly say that the game has immensely powerful pros in its favor. I'll continue to play it for quite a long time to come because they did manage to hook me in with a mostly excellent execution of gaming.
this game is really fun it has worked for me since the start\ 
If you played this a year ago you can expect the same glitches and more. Its aggrovating so dont expect this game to have improved
This game is loads of fun and recommend it. But the only downside is that endgame is boring because its to hard.
I bought this game back in 2015, when it was just starting Early Access and there were only about half as many creatures as there are now. There was no DLC, no fantasy elements, no TEK suits.... nothing but you and the Island. Now, nearly four years on, I still enjoy this game, despite nearly all of my playtime being single-player only.  Is this game buggy? Yes. Is it so poorly optimized that even a beastly rig may have a hard time running it smoothly? Yes. Does it take an absurdly long time to tame creatures without some sort of mod or cheat to speed things up? Yes. Are there moments where you die due to things you either have no control over or didn't anticipate until your flesh was being chewed upon by a pack of hungry raptors? Yes. And yet, somehow I find myself coming back to this damn game.  Do I recommend this game? Well, yes, but please... love yourself and don't try to play on official servers. Those are all but worthless at this point. If you don't want to play by yourself, either get some friends and make your own private server or try to find a community server that is to your liking. And if you don't like how the vanilla game plays, just install some mods onto your server to make things feel more complete. Just be warned that having a lot of mods will force your server to take around 20 minutes or so to load.
The game is fun on servers where u can be like mega super fast and with faster leveling if that is spelled correctly
It's easy to both love and hate this game while sinking thousands of hours into it. But in the end you get to ride dinosaurs around and it's rather pretty so the good tends to outweigh the bad
Overall a solid game. The release of this game was quick bumpy and the developers feel a bit greedy: instead of fixing current bugs, they opt to creating more purchasable content.
Very good game with lots of potential, but still needs tweaking and de-buffing some of the smaller animals that just do way to much damage.It's a little fustrating because of that, but it's still a good game it's worth the money if you like a game that makes you work hard (grind) for the stuff you want, and that challenges you this is for you than but still needs a bit of tweaking.
It's a nice game with a lot of updates for new good content, but there are a lot of bugs that needs to be fixed.
Tought i was playing minecraft 
Bought the game Day 1 in Early Access, don't regret it. They finally optimized the game and it runs a consistent 60fps in single player mode. I recommend singleplayer since multiplayer is kinda scuffed. Also mods are fantastic
Some of the most fun I have ever had with any game. Creates very memorable experiences with friends. Also might make you want to smash your fingers off with a mallet.
Very Epic 19/10 Robot Dinosaurs: Yes Giant Titans: Yes Fun with friends: Yes Buggy Base Building: Yes
I would like to say that ARK: Survival Evolved is by far one of my all-time favourite games, sheerly for it's out-there concept as well as incredible creativity in it's gameplay and creatures.  Starting off, you wake up alone, completely isolated in a foreign land that's hostile as anything, and you can (and absolutely will) be killed by anything that moves. Slowly, but surely, you gain familiarity with this foreign land, and that feeling, ESPECIALLY with friends, or on a server, is what makes me enjoy this game so much. Even better, once you feel as if you've mastered the ARK (Which you nearly NEVER will, as there's simply too much to discover) you can move off to another completely new and different land. This game has been one of my main joys on Steam, and I cannot recommend it more to those who really wish to discover, play with friends, and learn the true secrets of why you are there. The DLC, whilst expensive, are absolutely worth the money, with an incredibly well-made set of maps that are free as well to explore and roam without being too heavy on the wallet. Visuals, whilst clunky at times, are mostly gorgeous, and they follow an overall theme that matches very well and very rarely blends smoothly.  Buy this game. Seriously, you will NOT regret it like you would ATLAS.
Best survival game ever!
In my Opinion, one of the best Games, where you wake up at an Island and ya got no fucking clue where you are xD  Like. There are many games simular. The forest: plane crash for example, and here its gigantic alien tec Pillars but who gives a damm because the game Is GREAT and i can just say its one of the few games i actually never get bored of =D  deinitely worth its price .3.
I bought this game a few years ago, and still find it fun to play today alone or with your friends. The amount of information can be slightly overwhelming, but once you get the hang of it, it's a blast. I think however, the game still needs some optimization. Overall, this game definitely has improved with the overall quantity of content. If you're looking for a game that can last you a long time, buy this game. Just don't get burned out.
You can have so much fun with this game and the right people!
Though the game has its ups and downs, it is good, laggy, but good, look at atlas for gods sake its  horrifying
Love it
well, my friend said its good
YSS NO.1
Really solid survival game.  Has it all, base building, pvp, creature taming, progression, rpg elements, open world, many players in one session, its great. Not a normal game, there's a community invested in it.  We're in and out of it, but generally there's 20 players at a time in official servers as of 2019.  Which is impressive considering how old the game is.  If you like survival games with solid progression and RPG mechanics, this is probably for you.  But sessions are longer than most games, it can be very time consuming.  Takes careful planning and time management.  You'll want tribemates, but if you don't have a mic most of the lanky nerds won't accept you.  They love their discords, they don't trust anyone who doesn't use it.  To join any tribe you have to invest what most players invest; a lot.  People take this game seriously as fuck.  There's mega tribes where two hundred pastey nerds go onto group discords organizing stuff.  Stuff like "This noob in stone tier has his base near our fishing hut lets raid him REEEEEE".  Nobody who wants to play for fun stays for long.  Since these are the types of players you get.  Players who are only into it for some weird sense of power.  In a video game.  It can be cringey a lot of the time.  They think it's their skill too, but the wonky pvp mechanics threw that out the window.  Players who don't cheat by under meshing, or violating the ToS in some way like battle quetz, just use the legal broken ways of wiping you.  PvP is toxic as can be.  The community COULD make it lighthearted and fun.  If the strong players handicapped themselves vs the weaker ones.  Maybe reward them after a fight, since it's not hard, a couple thousand cp or a few turrets is nothing to an established player.  But no, we like to ambush new players over and over again till they quite the game.  Let each other play guys.  IF you PvP, make sure you hide before you log off, and upload any tames you can.  Hiding gear works best, like when you build a base, put a ceiling in the center of your foundations.  And hide a chest under that, demolish it every time you log back on.  That way when they raid you they just destroy your above ground containers thinking thats all you have.  But really all your good stuffs under the floor boards.  You could get unlucky and they destroy those too, in that case get a purlovia.  Burrow it outside away from base a little bit, since a parasaur can detect it.  Which would be insane no one really does that.  But that's a good way to hide loot to, on that.  But the best way to win PvP, is to avoid it.  It's too broken to mean anything if you do happen to win anyway.  Just hide, and offline raid people.  Preferrably people who pick on new players.  Target them out first, the douches who C4 stone bases on the beach.  It is PvP but the other side of Ark is that the players are the story.  How they interact is what makes the game what it is.  We need more fun players, less players in it for their fun alone.  Pick up a player on the beach, throw him in a wooden stage you made.  Tell him it's a game show, his prizes could include flak to argen tames.  If he plays it right.  I mean, you could do all sorts of things.  Its a game where you make your own fun, people DONT get that.  Its not a PvP game so much.    So if you do decide to get this game, please don't be another greifing a-hole.  Learn to make your own fun.
good
It was a very fun game
First off, I love this game. Not once in the few years I've been playing have I thought of it as a waste of money. I've played  on PVE for the most part, could never get into the pvp due to alpha tribes. It definitely has some flaws, and by flaws I mean:  -poor meshing  -unstable servers -"box tribes" that refuse to follow ToS (mostly any other letter character that is not in your language or internationally used shows up as a [], mostly Chinese) -"pilllaring" and unnecessary land claims -Random deaths while offline and protected (usually after patches/server crashes. always log off with your body empty) -Lots of bullshit moments such as random dc while flying/fighting, or a giga decides to say hi to your new home.  -Troodons, fuck those little bastards -if raising babies, sometimes they don't register that they have an entire trough of food next to them and starve  There is definitely a lot of flaws, but there are good things too:  -definitely addicting. getting that first base built or taming your first animal feels big. eventually you'll feel the need to tame every damn dodo you see ;) -Interacting with others. Almost everyone has the same goals in mind. Helping or being helped goes a long way in getting trust and making friends. Don't be the loner who never talks, talking to people, offering to help, getting to know everyone on server and being active makes your chances of being accepted into a tribe or just by the server itself really easy. (New people ppleaseeee don't get angry if nobody will let you join their tribe with your fresh new character. Inside jobs are common. make a home and prove you can be somewhat self sufficient first. someone will most likely take notice and invite you :) ) -The maps are awesome. whichever map you chose definitely gives a challenge. Personal favorite is Ragnarok, but it can get laggy. -Commitment. This game is not for someone looking for a few minutes to waste time before work. Before you know it, you'll have grown a beard and wondered where your life has went. playing for 3 minutes could turn into 3 hours easily. IF youre looking for a long term game and have a lot of time to play, this is the game for you. -Server transfers. if you join a server and everyone is being an absolute dick to you, or there is no space to build, then you can transfer your character and dinos to another server that is the same game mode (PVE=PVE)(PVP=PVP)(PVE ≠ PVP). keep to official tho, you cannot transfer to unofficial or to legacy, vice versa. you will have to start over if you switch to a different server layout. -Tribes. To have the best time of your life, get yourself a tribe of weirdos. The more misfits, the merrier. Want to troll a fellow comrade? Tranq arrow his ass, throw his body into a pin-coded cage, and either whip or torture him to your hearts content. Have an offline buddy who owns a big base? drag him and let him log into random areas to confuse him when he gets on. Better yet, if you're allied with your neighbors, why not just drag and drop him there? He'll log on and wonder how the hell he ended up in your ally's pig pen. And yes, they do shit a lot.  For the most part, its a wonderful community. I have had a few problems here and there with other tribes, but the overall game has been awesome. Id recommend to anyone who just wants to mess around and have a little fun with friends while watching your tribe mate get mauled by a raptor or two. 
.
Huge game. Its the greastest survival game after subnautica, however you need to play it with friends
Game has flaws, but it is great fun.  I would recommend this if you enjoy survival games.
I'm coming up to 3700 hrs played on Ark. I joined when it was in very early development and I fell in love with it then. The game is addictive and it's so easy to lose an entire day if you're not careful. Over time the game has become better and better and I don't see myself stopping play any time soon.  The game offers so much fun and entertainment, and then we have the mod creators too. There are mods for just a bout anything you would want in the game :)
over all great game. but when you get everything that is so broken and sucks about the game at once you want to kill yourself. 
Not as many problems as early on but still problematic, not to mention a very toxic online community when it comes to official servers. STILL I love this game played on multiple platforms and rented my own servers for them. highly addicting and a lot of fun would always recommend.
i love this i just wished it worked on my mac
i love the game but when i try to join a server it takes me back to the main menu
I got this game the year it came out, and it was one of the best experiences in a survival game that I have ever had. ARK is one of those games where when I first got it, I was in love, the fact that I could build my own settlements and have fucking dinosaurs was amazing. As a part of my childhood, I loved, and still in love, with dinosaurs, they are a part of the past that will be remembered for years to come.  Though I did slowly drift away from this game, not due to it being a bad game, solely because I found other games to play. I have a little more than 1300 hours in this game, and for the price it is so worth it. The game can be a bit grindy, especially when it comes to taming the actual dinosaurs ( I have no idea if the wait times for those have changed or not since I've played ) . One thing I will say though, is that ARK's modded servers are probably what make the game so worth to play. Some of the players behind the making of these mods are extremely talented, and they can bring along new challenges for you to face, or they can bring new items and structures that you can play around with!  This game, to me of course, gets a 9/10. I would give it a 10/10 if it was better optimized ( Again, another situation where it might've been fixed, but I haven't been on in quite a while ) . You will need a semi-beefy PC in order to run this game at decent graphics.  I hope to come back to this game soon, simply because I haven't touched it in a while. Besides all that though, I'd highly recommend anyone to pick this one up, especially if the person has a high interest in surviving on a map filled with creatures that mostly are looking to slaughter your corpse!  
I would rate this game a 8/10, one of the main reasons for this is because it requires a high end pc or device to run the game smoothly, therefore I would only recommend buying if u have a high end pc. However the game is amazing once you play because u tame creatures varying from real life dinosaurs to fantasy’s creatures that you have never heard of before! Personally I prefer the real life creatures because it makes it more immersive than flying around on a dragon and stuff like! You can even become iron with the new tech armour. Give it a try and help the devs out and remember try not to get swamp fever!
لعبة رائعة  لازم تكون لعب جماعي  السعر جيد التقييم 7/10
This is one of the most complete (as of 2019) sandbox games that I have played.  Excellent modding capabilities, and the ability to run a private server are great features.  The atmosphere and terrain is rendered well, for my expectations.  Well worth the purchase price, especially on sale. Great for a small group of friends.  Recommended
Very fun.Add me if you wanna play!
u kill dinosaur like in mother russia 10/10
I recommend this game for everyone out there!            :D
This game is really fun “if” it’s played in pvp and with friends... the game is just way better with a Tribe! But I would recommend waiting for a sale again since it’s not worth $60
This is my reviwe,i have at the moment i write this,not even 50 hours,so i can't say much already.but i still want to.This reviwe is about the beginning of the game,i have 0 multiplayer experience,only full pve solo stuff,so here it is:  gameplay:fun  Bugs:minimal  difficulty:challenging  playthrough time(like i said,i am just starting,but here is my guess):endless  i can give some very simple beginner tips and tricks: -common sense;at the beginning of the game you are very weak in all ways possible,don't attack dino's,only some fishes and dodo's.don't jump of cliffs,don't go in deep waters etc.  -tame dodo's for the food and the leather.tame something by knocking it down,giving it some food(berries for the dodo's)and just wait.  -level up speed.what can't catch you,can't kill you.also try to level up weight,because you get overencombentured really fast,and suddenly,there is an raptor or a group of dilo's  -craft bola's;you can't get them at the beginning of the game,you must level up a couple of times to get the blueprint,but it is really worth it  thats all i can give you,so stay safe in the ARK and happy dinosaur hunting!
Ive spent all my time in the main lobby, Its very good graphics and have gud mechanics. Clicking the play button was epic but didnt work becuase i played on a laptop. This game is great for everyone who loves lobby
It's okay.
Almost 600 hours in this game singleplayer or non-dedicated server, here's my take: Pros: -So much fun! I'm serious, you haven't lived until you've ridden on a unicorn flanked by raptors -Beautiful graphics -Active, supported modding community -Near-constant updates -Multiple maps to choose from, and a procedural generation option -Very realistic, immersive survival experience -Very challenging Cons: -This game is an absolute monster. Any mid-end or higher computer bought recently should be able to run it, but my brother with a  decent 2016 laptop can't run it at all -Can be buggy, sometimes it feels like they don't test updates before releasing them. However, the bugs are fixed within a week -The AI isn't very smart, though I think that better AI would require raising the hardware requirements or cutting the graphics -YOU CAN NOT SYNC YOUR SAVES! The files are too big -Built with multiplayer gaming in mind. I play by myself but the game is much harder without having other people to help you out. In addition, from what I hear multiplayer requires a massive time investment -You have to validate the files often -Mods take a long time to install, but it is made faster if you transfer the files from the steamapps/temp folder to the mods folder of the game itself, instead of having the game do it  If you have a good computer, and a love of dinosaurs or survival games, I would definitely recommend this game.
It's okay, I guess
It is a really great game, I have always wanted to play it but at times I keep having issues like when I tamper with the settings just slightly and certain dinos like Raptors and most other creatures when I dismount I fly, like across a river fly, and it is super annoying that every time this happens. But some dinos like Trikes and Sarcos I dismount fine but I haven't tried everything.
From "Naked and Afraid", to "Dinotopia". 11/10
Great game but needs a good pc . Nice texures
good
//d/11www.gore.www.edfr.com 
it is  asom can not playing get it if you love anmlils 
So much fun I enjoy playing with all my friends and family best game ever. I really like all the options of dinos you can tame and kill I don’t really dislike anything highly recommend.
Strandet på kysten af ​​en mystisk ø, skal du lære at overleve. Brug din listighed til at dræbe eller temme de oprindelige væsener, der streamer rundt om jorden, og støde på andre spillere for at overleve, dominere ... og undslippe! altså der er vel ik så meget mer at sige det noget lort 
Getting straight to the point here: Fun game. It's not perfect and glitch free but I really can not think of a game that is.   Much more fun with friends on a private server versus public servers though. People are mean so.. big server = meanies 95% of the time. If you must join a public server try to find a good group via the forums, there are people that like to help out new players.
really fun game,like the aspect of it,will keep you busy for hours,the price is also perfect,but i have to complain about the servers,they have amazing ping but are truly terrible,everyone is too mean
Great game, I would hope the developers fix the overspawning of cave creatures on the center map. Other than that I am very satisfied. Also a side note, the cave flyers won't enable even if I check the forcedlyers option. Thanks for making this great game and enableing me to stream it!
Very interesting Game!  This Game contains a lot of Action, but I would play it with Friends!
This game is great but here's my suggestion: i think brontosaurus name's need to be replaced as apatosaurus, since we know that brontosaurus is only a mistaken apatosaurus (check fossil record if unsure) and.. I also suggest that they add a brachiosaurus. It would be a lot of fun :)
Its ok
Plus  Good graphics Excellent add on's   (Highly recommend Castles and Keeps mod, so AWESOME to build with) Difficulty is very adjustable, make it as hard or easy as you want it to be  Neg Huge updates regularly  Overall, fun survival game, at least when it is played as a PvE
Do you want to spend 5+ hours taming a single dino? Yes? Then get this game its pretty good otherwise custom servers are your friend.     p.s: Get it on sale
ARK: Survival Evolved, when the game first came out it was incredibly buggy, missing textures, taming and gathering took a lot of grinding time. Though, as time has gone on the game has become incredible, the textures are amazing, leveling up is challenging but it takes just that right amount of time.  This game used to be incredibly unoptimized but I do have to say, it has become a lot more PC friendly, the recommended specifications are actually accurate now unlike a few months ago when you could barely get above 30fps.  ARK has come a long way, props to the creators.
great game spent many hours playing and building
I'm a new player to the PC version as before hand played the mobile version and i enjoyed the mobile version so I thought id give the PC version a go as seen others play it and so far having a good time ^_^
I think it's time to write a review about this game. This is for everyone who hasn't bought the game and is thinking about buying it. I only have 10 hours with the game at the time in writing this review, and i can say this game is absolutely amazing. Wonderful graphics and a shit ton of things to do. It's fairly easy to get started with but there is a lot to learn. Everyone that's complaining about the bugs are the really sensitive people that want to have a perfect game, which no game will ever be. Some of the bugs can be a little frustrating but its not like it'll destroy the game completely. I totally recommend getting this game, it'll definitely suck you in, like it has to me. 9/10.
It good game
This is a really cool game I definatly recommend at least giving this game a try!
best game i ever play 500/10
coo game dude.
i love it 
yes
The game is beautiful. A gorgeous fantastic world.   A WARNING however, this game [b] is NOT for kids. [/b] To all mums and dads out there if your kid is younger than 18 avoid this game at all costs. It is not scary or with blood but the community is really toxic. It is all about betraying, stealing, and killing your friends. It is the most toxic community I have ever seen in a game. And the developers seem to encourage this kind of behaviour.   A few things that will probably happen to your kid are: > After playing for a few day his best ally will kill him and all his dinos and steal all items he has. > Random player will destroy his base kill all dinos and destroy all his items without taking anything because the other player has so many stuff that he does not need them. > Random player will use a lot of hacks to do the previous. Like passing through walls, making pc crash. causing lag or like running around while holding a chicken so that auto turrets cant shoot.  and the list goes on.  As many other said if you are looking for the online experience it will never leave you satisfied.  But I cannot downvote this game. There is so much creativity and fantasy in this world and the gameplay is fantastic. There are so many different beasts with their own AI and unique mechanics. And you always have the feeling of exploring something new. So for single player I would totally recommend.
Ark is such a great game. With 2 free expansion passes and more for 20 dollars each. there is so much to do.
So this review is going to be a little long winded so go to the end for the TLDR.... I've played Ark for a while on Xbox One and can finally enjoy it on pc, though there are some issues I have, some are shared between the two, and one particular one I've noticed on pc. For the people wondering what Ark:Survival Evolved is, I would describe it as Turok with a survival mode and base building, it's a game I've enjoyed for a long time even with the performance issues and little quirks. (I don't plan on getting into the whole early access game with DLC thing as that boat has already sailed.)  So lets cover issues I've had with the game, you may not get these, or they may be worse for you.  Xbox One s- Gradual frame loss- the game runs great for an hour or two, but eventualy the fps starts to stutter and will have slideshow moments seemingly out of the blue. Plydough Extinction- (have not checked recently) Extinction's....well, everything looks like Playdough after about five minutes. Crashing to home screen- Sometimes, the game gives up, making a loud buzzing noise before closing out and returning to the Xbox home screen. System shutdown- If a crash is extreme, the console will outright turn itself off or restart itself.  PC (upgraded OptiPlex 7010) Primitive + CTD's- This seems to be a widespread issue for a lot of people, I attempted to load it and waited 20+ minutes loading just to have it crash. Crashing on world exit- only seems to happen when disconnecting from a server, I don't have this problem when closing out a single player world. Low more demanding- (probably system specific) If I use the lowest graphics settings, my performance is not that great, I now use mixed high and I have more stable fps and performance.  There are other smaller things that though are bugs, most aren't game breaking though some can be irksome.  TLDR This game is great but is not well optimized, I still recommend it, but be aware of it's issues.
This is coming from a player with many more hours on Xbox (probably at least 1,000). This game is fun at its core and always will be. The DLC provide new excitements and fears and have beautiful landscapes. The game is quite demanding on your PC but when at max settings look phenomenal. The studio, however, doesn't know how to properly finish a game. It is an incredibly unoptimized game and still suffers many old bugs and glitches. A lot of bugs aren't terrible and just scare you or make you a little frustrated. When you get a game breaking bug, however, you will lose your shit. Wildcard just needs to fix the issues with this game before continuing onto another project but they seem incapable of doing so. I would recommend this game, especially on sale. It fulfills the childhood desire for dinosaurs and that makes it well worth the money. The bugs do obviously make it less enjoyable but don't make the game 100% unplayable.
gud game
I have over 4000 Hours on this game now and I just wanted to point out that this game can be a huge waste of time with all the grinding you have to do to actually get somewhere but in the end you can have a ton of fun and meet some new friends
This game is the most best games in my life. Since I was little I absolutely loved dinosaurs and building. Now I can increase those interests with this game. It does have high end specs to play, but if you have a potato you can still play this game.
Ark are like a good friend. first it kicks you in the scrotum then it gives you a pizza
Very nice game
I have really enjoyed this game and had it on PS4 before moving to PC (much better FPS I tell ya now) This game may not be for everyone since it can feel quite clunky and unpolished at times, however if you have the dedication to grind and the time then this game can be very enjoyable, it is even better with friends. I love the dinosaurs as well as the other creatures in this game, and I find them incredibly interesting. I do also recommend playing PvE over PvP as you can get raided quite easily... but if that is how you like it, then by all means play PvP.
This game is my childhood resurrected. This game is a mix of Survival + Dinosaurs + Sci-Fi features Objective of the game is to beat some bosses using the best tamed dinos you can have, like Rexes, Theriz, etc. You start with a primitve life, and can end up using futuristic weapons, bases and armor. Building system is good but sometimes buggy. Crafting sytem is good, but for some things is too much work just to craft something. This is a slow paced game, if you want to taste the most delicious parts of it, you have to work for it. I dont recommend this game to be played as a PVP game, it can cut off some of the most interesting features just because you have to constantly defend your stuff. Some times even in PvE mode it still can be hard or frustrating because of  all the work you can put in a dino to breed it, just to get killed miserably by a boss or to get your base wiped by a titanosaurus or a giganotosaurus because you built in a spawn point of those dinos. Anyways I highly recommend this game if you love dinosaurs, crafting and sci-fi features. Also buy it when it has some %off in a sale, too many optimization issues and pc requirements to work properly, thats the only disadvantage of this game.
This is so god dang fun i play it all the time
Love the game! 
nice game this is my first survival game looks good
4,396 hrs on ARK game was great overall, ingame its fun offical was fun meet friendly big tribes.
ARK is a great game, bit overpriced but definitely worth a pickup when on sale
This game is Grind Simulator if there ever was one. Whats better is that you can destroy something another player was grinding for in seconds if you know how. In all seriousness, this is a great game if you have friends to play it with, and hundreds, even thousands of hours can be easily accumulated, so burnout is something that comes slower than most games IMO. Solo experiences aren't the most fun thing in the world though, but great game nonetheless
Great game I LOVE IT
Nice game with cute Dinosaurs:D
I'm probably a rookie in this community but I've spent my fair time in this game on mostly private owned servers with friends. The core structure is fun and enjoyable but the game has some pretty nasty flaws that will affect your experience. Many of these things can be adjusted through mods thankfully but the biggest one of them all in my experience have yet to be conquered by the community. It's the incredibly dumb and basic AI. I am sad to say that this did affect both mine and my friend's experience quite a lot as we lost tamed creatures set to follow only to spend more time looking for them finding them stuck on a rock somewhere. The AI is not aware of most of its surroundings. Creatures drown themselves on the edge of water structures, swim in endless circles in the a river when set to roam (gotta say that was the worst beaver we ever owned. Didn't gather much wood at all), dimorphodons flying through your open doors and then stuck somewhere on the wall failing to find a path out or massive dinos walking into structures to small for them and get stuck. The bad AI made the roaming feature a disaster because these dinos are more suicidal than a toddler with a fork close to an electrical outlet. At least some of them. Others did fine just walking around without a purpose since that's how the AI is coded for wild creatures and most of the dinos you set to roam. These are things that I would like to see the devs to fix but if I could dream they would also make the AI advanced enough to give us different behaviours. Currently, dinos do not interact with each other unless hunter/prey. Supposedly social herbivores are apathetic to their surroundings until you either show or with more docile species even attack them. I would like to see behaviours, grazing animations, herds behaving like herds, even sleeping (I think I've only seen one species being able to sleep), drinking, awareness of the surrounding individuals and just natural behaviours. The creatures in this game truly seem aimless and non-personal. Another feature which is cool but executed pretty bad is the colour mutations. I do love the idea but the colours picked are the brightest yellow, brightest red, cyan blue, etc. It's an eyesore. I own a panther chameleon myself, one of the most colourful animals alive being blue and red but there is a massive difference between being colourful and being colourful with the most saturated colours you could find in MS paint. My direwolves had a bright red puppy, redder than a stop sign and my eyes bled. One day, mods might fix this since this seems to be on a modable level. There are other things that bother me but thank God for the modding community. At last, I would also like to mention if you're a pre-history nerd who loves accurately represented creatures. YOU.WILL.CRINGE. But if you're willing to see past all of this Id rate it 6.5/10, I'd play it again and rage at the AI again because it is still a fun game and bonus is, the AI is bad enough you might see the dino you are chasing with sleep darts getting stuck on a wall somewhere and there you go, a low effort tame!
The most played game of all the time for me. It has its weaknesses but I just love it, there are so many possibilities how to play it never gets boring :D   But wouldnt recommend official since people can be cancer even on pve, better get your own server or join public servers.
this game is probs the best game i played and its so addictive        also got banned from offical for no reason at all
this game is an utter piece of trash there's countless bugs and exploits, a toxic community and scummy tactics used to wipe other players progress out. but past all the crashes and long loads this game is still kinda enjoyable as long as you have a good group of friends and even better perseverance to keep playing.
Bruh, Can't even play it cause my pc is so bad, lmao.
Absolutely addicting
One of the best Open World, Crafting, Survival games - WITH DINOSAURS.  Level-up and improve abilities, weapons, armor, building mediums, etc.  Freedom to go wherever; flyers that actually fly very differently. Various mounts and/or guards.  Hunting, gathering, crafting, feeding & breeding dinos - one of if the not THE BEST games available. Play alone (PvP) with a couple of friends in your own session or brave other unknown players in or out of tribes (PvP). DLC / other content + maps, caves, terrestrial / water graphics.   Great Mods available that actually work for rounding out your style of play.  Challenging - yet the ONLY open world game of it's kind with sliders on a WIDE variety of game setting that you can CHANGE to effect everything from your points/ level accumulation to hours in the day/nights to a variety of taming settings and MUCH more.  The most 'changeable - playable' game available of this genre.  Creative Mode: build palaces and walls to your heart's content, then play.  The BEST game for adjusting variety of settings early on,  with the ability to reset to standard or move up to harder when you're "learned" - it really IS what you want as far as adjusting the game play.    Primitive Plus mode for more crop variety as well as changes in requirements/ building/ available creations.  Multiple available start locations: you can also move where you want to set up your initial base or a permanent one.   Disads: some bugs occur in primitive plus as well as with a few of the other maps (carried over from the main game, I think).  Dying (OFTEN at first) may mean that items that you were carrying may not be retrievable (example - drowning somewhere deep) so you will need to recreate them: there IS a learning curve - but it IS SURVIVAL after all.  Disads aside, AWESOME GAME - EASILY AT THE TOP OF THE BEST.  GREAT DLC/ MAPS as far as idea and content.   3500 + hours in and I KNOW I will have at least that much again if not many thousands more!  With that:   WARNING: THIS GAME IS AWESOME ENOUGH TO BE TRULY ADDICTIVE.
I cant really say anything because the game is way too big for my computer to handle :(
makes me watch dinosaur porn
The game is perfect but please add more firearms! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
A true delight! I've been searching for co-op survival games to play with my wife, and considering that we've pretty picky in playing co op games, we doubt this at the first glance. Sure we died a lot in our first 10 hrs play (I can't forget our shrieks of terror to be chased by a big boa), but we loved all about it.   There are tons of things to uncover, ideas to make, and building to build. Fighting dino from the ledge, and cursing those damn pego****, ichty****, micro**** (replace the * with your choice of profanity). It only comes down to 1 thing... WE... LOVED.... IT....  9/10
amazing
Ride dinos and suck eachothers peepees like the indians used to do
This game is amazing. Honestly this is one of my favorite survival/sand-box games out there.
as a child i always dreamed of having an army of dinosaur slaves. couldnt in real life due to the minimum wage but in this game they will do ANYTHING and i mean ANYTHING for free. solid game. 9.5/10
This game is a work of art. It has the perfect way of taming and gathering resources for your needs. There is just one thing you're gonna need for this game... A BEAST COMPUTER.  Anyways, I highly recommend this game for people who haven't played ARK yet. 
love this game
Hello, I was playing single mode and my character just randomly disappeared. And Iost all my dinos, RSS, and house. Can you fix this pls. If u guys have solution, pls email me austindaeeonkang@gmail.com
very nice game but still a lot of bugs and glitches :)
Do I love this game?  Yes. Do I suggest others play it?  Yes.  PROS: Fun, Hours of entertainment.   Tame and breed dinosaurs, pre-historic animals, and even fantastic creatures such as "dragons". Awesome music. Good graphics. Build and customize your own house, base, farm (or whatever you want to build). Lots of maps to choose from. Smooth mod support. Nice battle and leveling system, what makes it feel EPIC when you can finally take down a Rex. Good "dungeons" (caves) to explore - very fun in there. Tons of things to craft. You can play single-player (without internet) OR multiplayer. EPIC boss battles. Updates often.  CONS: Lack of character customization. (all faces look the same). LOTS of bugs.  Most of the bugs aren't game-breaking, but sometimes they can be. While the Devs do fix (most) of the bugs, you might be waiting a long while for them to GET fixed. ...  While this can be... annoying, the game is so fun, that I'd suggest you grit past them. It's all-in-all worth it. 
10/10 Tamed Gacha with it's own Shit
wildcard can you disable structure entries in the surface of the aberration ? thank you
I did enjoy it. I built up bases, found new tribe members, tamed dinos, raided bases, but it feels like it is missing something. If you like those types of games it will be perfect for you because it has dinos and most don't.  Rating - 6/10
ill be honest i have about a year and a half in-game over all platforms and this game ..like most had a prime and i miss it although ill never get that same feeling as i did in 2016-2017. i still can play this game and enjoy it but i couldn't see me getting this game now and enjoying it , a new player will not be able to enjoy it. but overall there is nothing like this game its such an amazingly ridiculous waste of time .
It is the best game i have ever played!
Best game thet is ever been  created!!!!!!!
I loved the realism of this game. It felt like I was actually struggling to survive. My biggest issue with this game however was if I launched a new server they're almost all covered in bases and there is nowhere to build. Especially near the water where it is crucial to build, since we need to drink. There are no places. Also, you may spawn in an enemy base and it is impossible to leave because of how huge they are.
It's good 
Good game. I have about 130 hours as I'm writing this I enjoy it and I love playing but pvp is often a waste of time. You can spend hours upon hours playing and have all of your stuff taken and raided. The raiders get nothing of use and you waste your time.
This is by FAR my favorite game. Love all aspects of it think it needs some more Dino’s to KEEP the game fun and a game mode where groups of enemy attack you other than the game is the best. I hope to work for them someday.
 ARK is a very good and nice game, but it has a pretty big minus and that's pretty poorly optimized. If the game were well optimized, you would be much more popular and loved. But I want it as it is my pleasure to play it.
I like this game but i dont have money for him :))))
have not been playing it enough to figure out some of the things requiring figuring out. taming takes too long, carrying capacity too few, stamina... cant run accross the entire map at start.
this is rust with dinos
Alright, I haven't really played ARK on steam because all of my friends are on Xbox so that is where I play.  But this is the best place to leave a review though. I have logged 39 days 13 hours and 45 minutes  (Almost 950 hours) on Xbox under my JumpiestPizza7 account, so I know the ins and outs on ARK.  I got the game for like 25 or 30 bucks the Saturday after it came out on Xbox back in December 2015, and man it was totally worth it.  It's a shame that the game has so many bugs that the bugs are the sole reason a great many people don't like the game because it really does undermine what I believe ARK is about, the multiplayer experience.  ARK has the best community of players I have ever seen in my life.  The community makes this game so good.  My friends and I have been peasants on the beach to the alpha tribe of some really fun servers, and that's what makes it.  I have been in countless wars, not that offline raiding bull crap, but actual Game of Thrones type wars where there are multiple sides and you start pumping out gunpowder like crazy for bullets and then duke it out like men on the beach for territory.  Those times I had with my friends and absolute strangers were some of the best times I have had as a gamer.  Some of my enemies ended up becoming my best allies.  We have had dinosaurs who we were so attached to man, and still talk about how cool the dinos were and what they had done that made them so amazing. (Like Tyrone the dodo who got the last hit and killed a carno who was attacking our base on an official server) The game is so addictive and has such a great community of players.  The game isn't for everyone though.  It is very time consuming if you want to progress far, especially on official servers.  A lot of people who have work and school simply don't have enough time during the weekdays to put in the effort it takes to not get raided, and I understand that.  Also it is very difficult to progress without multiple people. (Ex. While taming a level 120 Argentavis, your friend can be grinding metal)  So I do not recommend this game to everyone, it takes a certain type of person to enjoy ARK, like I said it's time consuming.  If you do have the time, friends, heart, and bravery you should give it a shot.  I don't look at my 39 days on this game as wasted time, but over a month of my life of good times, laughter, and quality time spent with my friends.  Thank you Studio Wildcard for making my favorite game and doing your best to improve it with dlc and updates.  Though you can't fix all the bugs, ARK has come a long way and improved drastically since 2015.  I appreciate all the efforts of anyone who worked on this amazing game because without you, I wouldn't have all those good memories.  No one will probably ever read this review but Wildcard deserves some praise, so thank you.  TLDR; 11/10 would definitely recommend if you have the time.
Vanille game is everything you want as a survival game, enjoyed pvp aswell as pve allott in this game, not a big fan of the dlc`s because i just like old ages more, thats why i recommend the vanille game.  allot of dino`s  building options bosses  Fun with friends but also solo.
I havent played much of PVP i just played the island and aberation solo and it was fun.  One problem is that their is a lot of bugs and bullshit like when a gang of raptors jump on you and you cant move but other then that its pretty good i dont know if it worth the 60$ though maby wait for a sale but you could always refund.
This crap is pretty good
Great fun a must have in the library.
Incredible game, never gets old no matter how much you play it. Always something new to do, not including the countless mods that add new content.
this game is fun but if you are like me you end up trapped in beach.
I've wanted to play Ark for a long time, but I haven't been able to get it until recently. Now that I'm getting into this game, I'm seeing that it is incredible with so many things to play around with and explore. It has a absolutely massive map to explore with many different biomes, a lot of story to learn about through explorer notes and some things you can see towards the end game, so many different kinds of dinosaurs to fight, tame, or just admire for their amazing design, which leads me to the next part in this review, and that is that this game is beautiful. The graphics are incredible, so seeing the nature and creatures is just amazing. There's so much more that I didn't put into this because this review is already long enough, but I would absolutely recommend this game, if you don't have it already.
       Ark is a good game, but you have to be patient. If you don't have much time to play, don't go on regular servers. Because I didn't have the time, I found myself playing mostly single player in boosted servers. If you plan on playing vanilla ark with no boosted stats, prepare yourself for multiple hour tames, tons of hours gathering materials and overall a way more difficult experience.         In my opinion, if your friends don't buy the game, play single player with boosted taming and gathering. But that is only my opinion, not a rule. If you enjoy survival games, this is probably a good game for you 
nais.
Too many trolls to be able to play PVP for me, but I've thoroughly enjoyed PVE. Probably the best survival game Ive ever played
I brought this game on sale and majorly enjoy it on single player. The graphics are great and I haven' t had any problems with glitches yet. It is quite hard to begin but is amazing once you get used to it. It would be nice to have a short tutorial to start with (just controls) and also please add custom arena maps to the game. Also pls add dodorex permanetly
There are several bugs in the game But overall it’s well Made and is worth the €60
Super fun game i have over 1.5k hours favourite game by far
Great game. Super fun to play with a friend or two, but make sure to rent a server of your own so that you can control parameters as you wish.
Pretty good
great game just the makers of it need to make more and more games or else they will die
Very Fun Game
Great game only problem is it wants too much money about 20 dollars for each DLC and about 50 dollars for the actual game itself but beside that and a couple of glitches likee the one where if you put an almost spoiled meat into a new one it resets the spoil time its amazing 10/10
gostei
bugs laggy more bugs and more lagg,but i love this game
ARK is a memorable game which I grinded with two other friends. While the game might be a bit hard or frustrating at the beginning, the community which we played with on an official server was very kind and welcoming to us: some of the more experienced players of the servers let us live near their base for protection, and regularly gave us some help by sharing ressources etc... The game excels at making you feel the progression: the more you play, the more your base grows, the more dinos you get, the more varied the activites you can do are. The game is really rich and thanks to the variety of things you can do, rarely gets boring: among the different activites you can spend your time on, taming dinos, flying across the map with a pteranodon and exploring caves were some of my favorites. Grinding some resources also felt quite relaxing and didn't really feel like torture thanks to some of the boost which occured in the weekend. However, the experience ended (because it ended, sadly...) on a "wrong" note: the last patches made flying dinosaurs almost obsolete, and my two friends and I got raided by russian players while we were offline. Such an abrupt downfall to such a great era !  Despite this shortcoming, the game will stay in my heart for a while because of the countless hours I spent playing it with my friends. You will probably not regret it if you have the opportunity to play with other pals you know !
i recommend this game because it's cool and i don't recommend it if you hate waiting or grind things you know why because i almost tamed a therizinosaurus it's 99.5 but he has no more torpor so thats it im done playing this game. 
Pretty fun game
So one problem that people complain about is the bugs in this game.  I'm assuming that it depends on when the reviews were written, because for me, the biggest problem ive seen is free dinosaurs walking into walls (occasionally) or a megoladons tail sticking out of the water.  Other than that, the gameplay is great, and its thrilling to try and tame huge dinosaurs, and a huge relief when you do, and its so fun to use them.  Idk, i just feel like this game deserves more credit and attention.
gud game
Clicked play, lost life.  11/10 would recommend, just grab a bucket or a bottle to piss in and you're good.
Really good game if your looking for a 3D Dinosaur One.
So, This is a great game yeah, But when i try to do singleplayer now, It bugs out. Do you have a solution for this?
The social setting that comes out in this game is one of the best. every time i start a map i end up playing for over 150+ hours.
I literally haven't bought the game.... why can i write a review?
Very good game altough it lacks some in the ppreformance department.
Do you like dino's? Do you like big ol extinct animals? Do you like a well made and optimized game?!  Well this game offers three of those!  It's a great survival game if you can get over how buggy and totally screwed some of the game design is. Plus there is a huge mod community to make it even better.
When i got this game i was hooked
This is one of the best online survival games to play so yeah bro buy it
I have luckily only experienced a handful of bugs, all easily fixed. Can find yourself spending hours immersed in it, especially if you have a buddy or two to play with. Only ever played PvE game modes so no idea of PvP. Worst bug i havent been able to fix is loading the mods when joining servers, Forums are big help to find friends without just joining random servers, which i can do anyway...
Good & fun game
This is the type of game that can suck you into it and have its grasp held on you for quite a while. If you want a cool game to play in single player or with friends this is for you. Its pretty graphic intensive and has quite a few bugs. Overall I recommend it and I enjoy it every time I play. 8.5/10.
amazing game!
Wanna get bumfucked by a bunch of cheaters and megatribes on official servers? If yes please go ahead and buy it.
 This is the best game i have ever played i have it on all of my consoles. Great Graphics,good quality, and can be a very challenging but fun game
I love this game. I have been playing ark since early early access, back when it had maybe a quarter of the species that are available today. I play PvE, especially with my sister, but often with friends I have made at various non-official servers along the way. There are a few things I advise:  -Keep off the official servers: If you want to play the game PvP that is fine, but while the official servers are somewhat managed, there is still rampant issues with larger tribes bullying just about everyone else. -Find a good unofficial server, create one, or play singleplayer. Finding a good group of people to play the game with can make or break it. If you find a good server with more balanced settings, so you dont have to spend 9 hours taming a single creature, that will make the game a billion times more enjoyable. -DONT RUSH: Most of the people I know who have played and left ark, have played and left because; they got screwed over by a person or server, technical or personal difficulties, or they rushed through gaining all the achievements and finishing off all of the bosses. But after you have done this, completed those pretty quick boss battles and challenges, and lost probably 3/4 of the dinos you have bred and built and worked for, the game feels pointless. There are no fabulous prizes for 'ascending' to a new map, all of a sudden you are just on a new map. That's it. And then you start over.  I love the building, breeding, and adventure part of ark and if you take your time, it makes the game 10x more enjoyable even with the glitches. And remember, there are tons and tons of mods out there to change and renew the gaming experience. Explore. Adapt. Survive.
nice
this game is awesome
ok
still alot of fun, get it for those rainy days
Is this the easiest game I have ever played..NO. I will admit that I have had moments where I have definitely raged against the game and the game developers, but ultimately it is and very enjoyable and very addictive game. There are sill some issues the devs have to sort out.  Would I recommend this game anyone ? I will and I have. After more than 3000 hours of game play on PC and Xbox, I am as addicted to Ark as I was when I started playing. To all new players I will say this, be prepared to grind and rage and when it goes right, be prepared to laugh out loud.
great game. community is hit and miss but the game is awesome.
One of my favorite games, I sit and play for hours <3  Pros:  -Dinos -Crafting  -Survival -Taming system -Tribe system -Everything else  Cons: -none
wayed 7beeet == love it, played it a lot with my mni vQm
Although I'm currently at about 50 hours played, this is a real fun game.
Honestly after a year of playing this game i think that it could be better. I get that the devs can be busy with other products and their own lives but even then the amount of effort here lately hasn't been great. The DLC that have been put out in my opinion have only half the effort going in just to bring in revenue instead of fans. most of the maps aren't optimized nor a bit of the game. But even then for some reason it just keeps drawing me back into the world of making massive dinos breed and working through the available tools and structures from weak straw to strong Tek makes the experience worth the struggle.
The game makes a lot of fun !
really fun game with a lot of mods you can use but you need a really good computer to not experience lag. The game itself is also really fun because it is an open world game but not like others.
Even when it was first released and i didn't play it, it was almost my favorite game just watching youtubers play it, i finally got it last christmas as i finally had a good laptop to play it on and it is definetly at least my top 3 favorite games (and the only game that i know i certainly like over it is only because of nostalgia purposes) the game by itself has so much to do but with all the mods you could use it's literally an endless sandbox and as time went by and every tiny bit of new content was added the story also grew, what started as an open world sandbox has turned into an interesting and complex story more complicated than "what if cavemen lived during the time of dinosaurs"
Good game.  Has lots of exploits and devs are slow to take action.  Best recommendation is to find a good unofficial server with active admin that will ban cheaters immediately.
Really fun
Let's clear the air surrounding Ark Survival Evolved for a few seconds before proceeding. Yes it is true that Studio Wildcard has some pretty poor developer techniques. Failure to adhere to plans, wildly varying degrees of attention to the community and an almost fanatical belief that the solution they come up with is vastly superior. All excusable if you've partaken in developing a game and know the struggles, which I personally do not.   However with that being said, the game they've put forward is still a considerable improvement over some triple A titles I've seen in the past few years. Most if not all mechanics within the game feel like time has been taken to ensure that it functions well and splices seamlessly into the world, for example the climbing mechanic for some creatures. One particular function, which is arguably vital to survival on the ARK, is building structures.   This is perhaps the biggest blunder in regards to player expectation. When I build structures in a game I go in expecting to receive all the parts I'll need to ensure my building not only looks good but suits the environment around it. (Due to my general ineptitude however this never happens, I end up with the stone equivalent of a black pudding.) The simple fact that I was missing an inverted roof corner was enough to make me seek out mods to fix it. That is not the communities responsibility to fix, especially in light of a recent Structures Plus update.  And of course you need to build pens for all of your tames, ranging from Chalicotherium to Stegosaurus and Tyrannosaurus rex. The incredible amount of creatures ranging from many periods means even though I've technically beaten all but one ARK, I still haven't seen or tamed everything.  Really it comes down to what are you as a player willing to tolerate when it comes to your experience. Hate dying over and over again to the same ridiculously overpowered creature? Ark is not the game for you. Love exploring, experimenting? Ark is the game for you. Hate slow grinds with knobs on it? Ark is not the game for you. Love the satisfaction of coming together as a group and achieving? Ark is the game for you. Hate not having a clear direction or goal? Ark is NOT the game for you. Love forging your own destiny through the unfortunate sacrifice of your friends? (You totally didn't leave them to die, they just couldn't run as fast.) Ark is the game for you.  I'd recommend Ark purely for the novelty of the situations you can find yourself in, there is no lack of something hilarious, terrifying or outright rage inducing, and it is definitely a game best enjoyed with friends in a LAN party. Sure the company in charge kinda sucks, but the game is fairly enjoyable. Just do what I do. Blame your shortcomings on the fifth removed cousin of Jesus. (Smite me, oh Mighty Smiter!)
I liked it, though i wouldn't recommend to anyone that has a crappy computer like I do, because I have to play with the graphics at the lowest they can be and it still lags XD
Effin sweet PvP whoop somebody's ace
i recommend this game to anyone with friends 100% it is one of the best games i have ever played once you get into it, you start off not knowing what to do but by the time you get all set up you will not believe how much fun you and your friends have 11/10 would play again which i will right now!! :D
Very fun game to play with friends
I hate this game so much but I'll still recommend it because it's addicting and takes over your life.  Lots of trolls. Try not to get attached to your dinos like I did.  The DLCs are kind of a rip-off though.
Ark is a game for those who can look pass the glichs and bugs and can look at it as a fun survival game to play with friends, I spent hours playing and not once did I not incounter a glich but I didnt pay it much mind.  I would say If you care about glichs and errors alot then keep scrolling but If you can look past them then Welcome to Ark, we all asholes here :)
Who doesn't love dinosaurs, am I right?
This game is beautiful, i run a 4GB RAM and i can still enjoy it on low graphics. The game play is very fun and enjoyable for any dinosaur or prehistoric lover! There are many dinosaur breeding games out there that can be played in first person mode and be able to ride them as well!  I feel very immersed in this game, and its timeless, at least to me!
Dont worry about the mixed reviews the game is still good with many maps and you can have alot of fun with it Ark gets so low reviews cuz the developers just add stuff instead of fixing it. THIS STILL MEANS ITS A GOOD GAME....just with some minor gamebreaking bugs...
the game keeps crashing again and again. plss help. it shows that there is runtime errror
10 hours a day, what a beautiful game.
This game is like an abusive relationship. You'll play it for months then you'll get beaten mercilessly by loss of dinos or gear. You'll stop playing for a while but you know you'll come back.  * : Don't play if you hate loss
You probably wont like this game right away, especially playing solo on a public server. That being said Ark has this charm stemming from the lore, the challenge, and the world(s). THE GAME IS BUGGY (especially in Proc-gen worlds), and sometimes that gets me killed and others it saves my life. I would still say even the buggy nature has its own charm. Honestly the game is best enjoyed with a small group of friends on a private/Non-ded server. Playing alone for most can be a turn off due to the constant grinding and the unbalanced leveling/learning system, but even then its just as refreshing as a summer morning hike imo. I love this game and will continue to play from time to time, but its not for everyone. I wouldnt recommend buying at full price though
Btw game is good but multiplayer crashes every hour foe me
An amazing game.
My favorite game... ever. There is astonishing graphics, easy-to-use controls, a nice and welcoming fanbase which gladly helped me learn how to survive on the ARK for the first few days. The game also includes unique gameplay, tons of things to do in-game and best of all... tribes. These easily-manageable groups let you connect with your friends easily and other people just randomly playing. This can help you greatly on you first few hours, trying to still understand how to play. Ark's flawless in-game chat helps you talk with your tribe and other people. The game also offers many DLCs (And of them some  are free). These DLCs create a whole new map design, different ways to play, new animals and even more awesome things. Just an outstanding game overall.
Its a really fun game and i like playing it, especially with the taming of dinosarus' and other thing like that i think its a game you should try out 
It's fun.
d(^-^)b
I like the game greatly and wish to see it grow even bigger in size and in popularity  one thing i think it could use is human "creatures" if that's what you want to call it they randomly appear and be either hostile or friendly, just a suggestion
its laggy but you can fix it by having good internet and do the settings graphics
This game is very fun if u play it with friends. Its fun if u play alone but funnier if u play with friends and the gameplay is nice, graph too. I recommend this game for the players that really like survival games and having fun in the same time. 
ARK is a great game for solo and multiplayer  the only problem is they do not optimize the game and don't fix bugs as often as they should. The game would be 100X better if they did those 2 things but other wise its a good game
Is ther a loc wher I can see all my Characters and their loc map I have lost one one of my main characters and dont know where I built all my loctions.
Good Game
YAAAAAAAAAAS
Very Nice! Except u die a lot...
Awesome Game! a bit dead tho
Honestly I don't know why but as time goes I lag more and more and more on this game. I had to buy a SSD (or whatever it is called in English) just to run the Extinction Dlc. Also right now launching the game is fine, but launching a server crashes my Pc. Didn't test on many servers, but still need optimisation.
these is the best game ever  
Really difficult game but really good! Fun to play, customisable, costumes, events, IT'S JUST PREFECT! And don't forget taming!
yes
Extremely fun and endless game, the open world mixed with the sandbox and ability to tame dinosaurs is insane, plus all the maps have different boss type spawn systems to work towards, this is top of my list for sandbox survival games as it is fun and the taming mechanic is amazing.
dinosaurs are in this game. DUHHH 
Games terribly laggy, and its hard to safely save your progress. Other then that, completely worth it!
Since. If you like dinosaurs and survival games this the game for you. Yeah i don't have much hours on the game it might be a little hard to understand but after its good 10/10 totally recommended if you like dinosaurs and survival games
Best game ever
Beautiful game.  Love the whole idea about living in the primal age and the graphics are so realistic and good.  It's also hard tho, and requires a lot of farming for some things ..  .. Or you could just f around like me and tamer 30+ Dilophosaurs and wreck everything, as well as your computer B) 
This game is really good if you have a lot of friends playing it all together, but if you don't then the game is just not worth the money for playing alone.  The game is kind of expensive, but I had a lot of fun with it. :)
great game!!! tons of fun!! worth the money!! most play
This is game is awesome!!!! The only problem is ... When i bought this most of the videos and photos the characters all have guns, you need to make it easier to make guns. And also this game takes up a ton of memory, you need a really GOOD PC to run this game.
This is a awesome game. I got it a couple months after it became available and didn't have a computer even close to being able to touch it. Now that I can play it I do off and on.
Its good game and fun to play whit friends
Awesome game to play with a couple of friend and have some fun with dinos
awesome game.it has been my favourite for two years
this game need alot of develop in the open world and AI but worthy avery peny.
Ark is a great game with endless posibilitys  and is fun the end it is the good
very good game ;)
It's alright
one of the best games it is gucci gang
megla good
good game :)
This is the best survival game - I feel like it is very difficult and death is a true setback, but I continue to come back to it. 8/10 Good game. Catchy music. Fun with friends.  Oh wow they are still updating it too.
Dinosaur  
Very Good Game But MultiPlayer Not Very Much Pepole To Play With Atleast Not Friendly
es muy bueno pero para vuenos pc
NOTE- I only every played on private servers or singleplayer, so my review of the main servers come from third-party sources   This is a great survival game for those who enjoy the genre. It is difficult and hard to master and can be very rewarding to play as you progress all the way to the end. That being said there are a lot of bad things wrong with this game as well.  PROS: It is fun to play, and you can enjoy yourself playing for a few hours doing basic survival game things such as building, harvesting, etc. The game is mod friendly, which allows you to augment your game in more fun ways. The developers have also included some parts of popular mods into the game over time. The story is decent. I wouldn't say its amazing by any account, as you have to go out of your way to find it at times, but it is intersting to find all the collectables around the map and piece it together.  CONS This game is broken. This game has a huge number of bugs that break the game and cause crashes, as well as other very inconvenient bugs. For example, in portions of each of the maps, when playing on a private server there are areas where you cannot go or you will be warped to the host, or the host will warp you to them. Now certain areas such as caves and boss arenas are understandable, but random places in the wilderness when you are 5000+ meters away is very annoying. My computer also seemed to not like this game and crashed very often, or refused to run to do graphics issues (believe me I checked and tried everything, nothing helped). The game is very RAM intensive and you need a good computer to run it at anything higher than low settings. The grind is real. The base settings for harvesting, dino taming and other things make the game take incredibly long to do anything. Knocking down a T-Rex to tame and then sitting on your phone for the next hour waiting for it to tame gets pretty boring after a while. It also takes a lot of time and effort to build and harvest all the materials needed to build an effective base, or an elaborate one if you so wanted, which is fine, but on base settings it is just extremely slow and tedious. Now all of this can be changed in settings, so this isn't that big of an issue, but on Public Servers this can seem very slow for new players. You can't unlock every recipe by max level, which is annoying when you want to build a cool base but can't get the needed engrams. There are ways to get around this, but its is somewhat annoying.  Overall, I think it is a great game if you enjoy these type games. It is very difficult but very fun if you get into it. Music 9/10 Gameplay 8/10 Story 7/10 Overall 8/10
its okay i guess
this game is awesome i been playing it on xbox for 3 years and i never got bored its challenging at  first but after u play a lot its actually pretty ez to play and it sucks how my pc cant run it or it would be so fun wiping servers. 
I try to hold off on making reviews but Ark isn't an expectation. Take it from me personally ark is good it all depends how one would see it. If you like to craft things sure why not? If you like to tame dinosaurs, why not tame them? If you like to get chased around the map by a dilophosaurus why not? I mean anything is fair game if you can tame it. I don't have beefy PC but it gets me to play for two seconds and I've played ark on ps4 which is  a lot better than PC atm currently no offense to PC. BUT PC wins with mods. Ark is a good game but water underneath the maps need fixed. Fps droprate is real. Ark isnt going to get better face it but its game that's all that matters. I'd still recommend this over fortnite. (:
Having only played for a short time now ~500hrs I can honestly say this is a heap of fun.  I have only ever played solo or with people I know personally.  So there is definitely enough stuff to do to keep you occupied even without a questline...  I still remember my first few hours... running getting my face eaten by a sarco, running, getting my face eaten by a raptor, running............................................... 10/10 would get eaten again.  yeah it can be buggy and the graphics can break your game sometimes but with some tweaking in the settings you'll do just fine ;-) probably
THE BEST GAME EVER
saur
Minecraft but... ARK
When you pass the 50 hours on the game its getting better one of the best survival game ive ever played  highly recommended for those who like survival games   5 napazim
cool game
Love this game and if I get a better computer would love to work on streaming
devs suck. use mods
Buy from steam, play offline. better than crack
I suck at this game but I love laying waste to everything with an army of dinosaurs following me around
its an awsome game, just having issues with its optimisation because that's the thing that keeps holding me back from playing this game & should improve the lobby making section and make it more simpler and minimal, otherwise its an awsome game!!
If you’re a hard-core survival gamer and you want a new breath of fresh air, ark is definitely for you. there is millions of things you can do in this game, you can get lost in the worlds for days. building massive bases on your favourite servers, fight massive clans with your friends, or just taming Dino friends on solo. there is so much to do in this game i’ve spent 100 hours give or take on this game and i’ve only scratched the surface. there were some bugs in the game but I have only seen it once or twice but after that they didn’t appear again 92 out of 100.
Hardcore survival game with glitchs, a huge learning curve, politics, tribes, and demands patience.  Early on there are glitchs to deal with but as you get better in ark you learn to avoid them, even use some to your advantage.  The learning curve is steep and even daring to say your still a noob at 700 to 1000 hrs.  Politics are an absolute must if you want to play on a public server and not get wiped MORE often.  Public servers are not built for the solo player, find or make a tribe with guys who are active and dont mind farming and dont run their mouth on global chat.  Finally you must be patient you will be wiped, taunted, harassed, wiped, bullied, extorted. wiped, captured, and wiped. But keep going and you will get smarter, faster, and eventually successful.  PS. if you like PVP but have a job, try OFFLINE raid protection servers ( ORP ).  All in all an amazing game that has plenty of issues, i just wish when i told people about it i didnt need to say the word dinasours.  
Wish the official servers werent so cluttered with massive bases in the starter areas. Kinda makes it hard on new comers to build or survive. Otherwise, great game. Building. taming. slaughtering, farming. <3
THE GREAT:  the graphics, music, immersion, selection of prehistoric animals, variety of things to do and ways to play, base building and longevity are all fantastic.  This is a game that many have been playing for a long time, and continue to be passionate about.    THE MEDIOCRE: The number of server and game options make it so you can adjust your gameplay to taste, but can be overwhelming: some of the descriptions are not only vague, but some are wrong.  Dinosaurs seem to have 1 or 2 attack animations, so some look a little silly when attacking in quick succession.  The lighting looks great, but the shadows shift with your camera when the sun is rising or setting.  The maps are hit and miss: some beautiful areas, unity and variety, and some questionable places - parts of The Center seem unfinished with massive ramps and copy/paste architecture in environments that should look natural.  Ragnorok seems the most polished, but is too overdone: if one natural bridge and waterfall is cool, then putting three around every corner must be cooler.  I have a love/hate relationship with how unforgiving the game can be at times and how much grinding is necessary to build a good base and technology: work for hours on making a weapon, and it breaks soon after.  Slave to tame a cool dino, and it gets swarmed by carnivores soon after and is devoured.  Those frustrating events seem to happen a good deal - I appreciate that it reflects the way the universe actually behaves at times, but it makes for maddening moments.  THE TERRIBLE:  The menu interface is sloppy - changes screen size and music multiple times before the game gets going.  The in-game messages, like when you or a dinosaur levels up, are in a big obnoxious font that eats up the top of the screen and gets in the way - totally unneeded when you have the experience and level icons.  The dinosaurs clip terribly against structures, and the dinosaur hit-box detection is very screwy (dinosaur on dinosaur).  While the GREAT category looks short in comparison to the others, I think this is a great game.  Ark is lots of fun to play, but has flaws: none of them game-breaking in my opinion.  But I do think that there are things that can get cleaned up.
fun game
This game is great now after all the patches and bug fixes. its so vast in what you can do there is allways somthing to do.  just one tip. Buy a 240GB SSD just for this game. the entire game plus all expansions is 183GB plus i have 30GB in mods.  you will thank yourself for the SSD because load times are a bitch on HDD and mods take even longer.    Also i FUCKING HATE TROODONS JFC DELETE THEM I LITTERALLY KILL THEM ON SIGHT BECASUE I HATE THEM SO MUCH
Personally i don't like this game because it is not fun to me since i have no friends to play it with. But i recognize how much effort is put into this game and how much people like it.
pretty mint game not gonna lie, im a pvper on unofficial servers, pretty relaxing, laid back game, i suggest finding a mid pop server if you're new, dont be afraid to ask stuff, dont be too much of a sweat like the megatribe official lads, no offense
Highly reccomended if you're going to play with a few friends.  Single player too is fun to learn the mechanics of the game. 
kinda peak 
I spend a ton of hours on this game with my friends, would definitely recommend! Still a bit buggy for a finished game but overall a ton of content and re-play value, and the workshop adds even more!!!
Good game
Perfect Game! Really good graphic and any other thinks :P what I want to say?  You must buy it! This is the best game who I and you can ever play!(maybe with out CS:GO :P)
the best i ever played
it can be it has bugs/glitches but still great game and beautiful maps with it i really like this game and its incredibly relaxing for me
good game
Have you ever wished you could walk amongst the dinosaurs, raise a baby dinosaur as your own, or could be chased down the beach by a giant T-Rex or a dozen other dinosaurs that want to eat you as a snack?  Then you need not look further than Ark: Survival Evolved!    Ark is an action-adventure survival game where every player starts off the same, naked on a beach with a tracking implant in their arm! From there it’s time to get the basics of survival underway: shelter, food, clothing and defense so you hopefully won’t be eaten by wild dinosaurs.    Starting with shelter you will first build yourself a thatch house and eventually work your way into wood, stone, metal, and eventually a sci fi Tek tier!  The same goes for your armor and weaponry, starting off with stone tools, a wooden bow, and cloth armor until you work your way to gasoline powered tools, various firearms, and battle armor!   Throughout your struggle to survive and build stronger defenses you will need to recruit some help from the local wildlife by taming dinosaurs into domesticated pets, workers and beast of war.  Some dinosaurs are passive and can be hand fed until you build up their trust, while others you will have to knock out with tranquilizers darts to calm them down a bit, and then feed them until they trust you.  Once you think your equipped with the best armor, best weapons, and the strongest dinosaurs, you will venture into dungeon style caves to gather the necessary tributes to transport you into the Boss Arenas, where you will attempt to defeat a spider the size of house, or one of 5 other bosses in the game.  With there being 348 different dinosaurs currently in the game, ranging from land, air, water and even a few mythical creatures such as Dragons, you will eventually have a variety of dinosaurs with different abilities, as well as some you will tame just because it was your childhood favorite, or maybe you just want to pretend you are a dragon rider from GoT! 
its a good game that keeps evolving
ARK is a really great game. I was really amazed at the graphics that made this game so amazing and so well done. It is a game that makes my life fun. But there is one favor. Please return the freezing crossing of Managarmr.
Great game but be warned it dose take up a lot of storage but still great game
This is a solid game if you're into the minecraft-y genre!
I FUCKING HATE TREX NOW AJKFAHFBIAWFGBIWGBIKAGWEUO
fun game
Amazing game I have played 27 hours over the weekend. Only buy this game if your going to commit with a friend and grind because leaving and starting is boring.by far my favorite game at the moment and I recommend to anyone who knows what a good game is
This game is Bizarre, and I'm all about bizarre! 9/10 scared of dinos, hate you, Diego...
Ark: Survival Evolved. Probably one of my main games during my teenage period. I love the game in many ways, but I still think that for a game this big there is still a lot of bugs and other things studio Wildcard can upgrade. I think that studio Wildcard should be making more new dino's or new updates or map changes. On youtube you see a lot of Ark youtubers reapting there series because Wildcare is letting there game die! I would like Wildcard to approve their game, fix the main bugs so that ark can be one of the main games because besides all this hate i freaking love the game. It deserves way more players and attention because the concept is great, i just think that there should be more updates that make the game more fun and new, NOT A BAD DLC EVERY YEAR PLS!
i got it around two years ago and i did stop playing it for a while but not because of it being bad i just didn't really think it was fun and my system just couldn't handle it so i started playing again now now i'm having a lot of fun i would totally recommend this game plus the three dlcs i think theres three but yeah i would still recommend this
great only disappointment is after paying 17 or 44 pound I would like to have the full game with it (scorched earth)
The Game is Great if you like Survival But, there had to be an offline option where you can build yourself a Fortification to Showcase
its ait
ONLY REAL GAMERS LIKE THIS GAME. FAKERS GO BACK TO DS!!!
i have put over a thousand hours into this game on my ps4 and yes i can confirm, the game is a bit buggy, at times very frustrating, and a bit toxic. But at the end of the day i had my fun playing this game with my friends and i recommend this game to anyone who enjoys survival games. Its ok to get mad, just don't smash your keyboard ;)
The devkit for this game is highly enjoyable and performs better then the game. This game also thought me how games are made, What sneaky tricks are used and how simple very annoying bugs could be fixed. It also showed me that the community of a game can do more for the game then the company that made it.  350 hours ingame 4000+ hours in the devkit  Its an ok game, id recommend it if its on sale
Although I only played this game for about 10 hours ITS SO GOOD get it while its still on sale
this games still has so much potencle in fact there hasen't had to many custom armor made that have there own look they has so much that they can do. there is many different assome people out there but there are many troll's to I say than's to the ark modding  groups out for all your hard work keep it up one demon to another have a good day and a fun night
I'm loving this game. True - it has bugs and it's resource heavy, but I really enjoy the gameplay, and fact that I can play it in singleplayer mode. I have it on my ps4 with over 500hrs played, and now i bought it on steam to play with mods.
Yes
Alright you just spawned in, wow it looks nice. You start collecting some stuff, make a tiny thatch base, and then you get mauled to death by a raptor. In this game you can build a base with a clan, and you can tame a bunch of dinosaurs and make them fight. You can increase in level, gaining access to higher tier things. You can kill other gangs with your gang because their gangs are stupid. Nice. Lystrosaurus. Nice.
This is a absolutely splendid game i had a great time, i just wish i could play couch co-op with my sister.
Dinosaurs. Thats about it.
yea quite good game, i like to shot my friends with shicking tranq darts
The game is awesome!
amazing
Vary good game yass
Over 3,000 hours and I can say I got my money’s worth! Finally decided to get all the achievements which was nice.   The game itself has flaws including bugs and server instability, but woah it can be a blast. My first sandbox style game which I fell in love with. I do enjoy the Dino theme and the hardcore survival challenge.   I’m not sure how much more I’ll play but minute to dollar spent, it’s the cheapest game I’ve ever played hands down. It’s definitely worth giving it a fair chance. I highly recommend it.
After only two days of my purchase, this became my favorate game. For at least a year I have been looking for a game like this, and this is the one. Great graphics, and dinosaur controls. But, it took a long time to download the game because it was so big, and I ended up having to use a better performance computer because my other one could not handle this huge game. Already, I have been on this game for 18 hours last time I checked. I really love this game and I hope you continue to work on it.
sss
This game almost prevented me from getting into medical school. Enough said.
A very beefy game that almost wasted 3 days of my life installing.... But totally worth it!!!!!
yep.
Cool dinosaurs and stuff. It's epic. My advice: play on a 5x server or something, this game's hella grindy otherwise.
Okey, this will be longer than i tought, first of all you MUST be a super patience player, if not please stop reading and go find another game.  When you're starting there are plenty of stuff which will take a little bit long to understand and to get used to, the game in general is tough ALSO IT DEPENDS ON THE GAME MODE YOU'RE PLAYING, dinosaurs will keep you killing and  killing your tames, players with better tames gonna fuck you up if they find your base, so you must think on everything (defenses, building, base location, resources) , as far as i played survival games this is the most completely and fun game i've ever played, graphics are great, building is perfect, game sense (when you breed dinos and stuff) its coherent, in the other hand it also has bugs, and PLENTY of them, so as i said you MUST be patience with this game at all time.   Ark is a new world, specially for those who loves dinosaurs, and evolved action, it has lots of layers in game so players start as noobs and if they keep pushing up could end with megatribes. ( a lot of information to learn), but this is a review so i must show the game in general and give you a final say:  So far the best survival game ever made.   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- VERSION ESPAÑOL:  Okey, esto será más largo de lo que pensé, primero que todo DEBES ser un jugador súper paciente, si no, deja de leer y ve a buscar otro juego.  Cuando empiezas, hay muchas cosas que tardarán un poco en entender y acostumbrarse, el juego en general es difícil TAMBIÉN DEPENDE DEL MODO DE JUEGO QUE ESTÁS JUGANDO, los dinosaurios te mantendrán matando y matando tus dinos, los mejores jugadores te joderan si encuentran tu base, así que debes pensar en todo (defensas, construcción, ubicación de la base, recursos), en la medida en que jugué juegos de supervivencia, este es el juego más completo y divertido que he jugado, los gráficos son geniales, la construcción es perfecta, el sentido del juego (cuando crías dinosaurios y esas cosas) es coherente, por otro lado también tiene errores, y MUCHOS de ellos, así que, como dije, DEBES ser paciente con el Juego en todo momento.  Ark es un mundo nuevo, especialmente para aquellos que aman los dinosaurios y la acción evolucionada, tiene muchas capas de juego, los jugadores comienzan como noobs y si continúan avanzando podrían terminar con megatribus. (mucha información para aprender), pero esta es una revisión, así que debo mostrar el juego en general y darle una última palabra:  El mejor juego de supervivencia jamás creado.  
Very fun game, and very pretty as long as you're not being chased by carnivores.
Amazing game, looks stunning, so much to do you never get bored. It’s fun on solo but even more when u find an amazing server with an amazing community. I recommend getting this game as it’s over all just a great game, I can’t really think of anything bad about it.
It has a great story and a awesome adventure and you can ride, tame... kill? yeah you can do many things in this game
The Best Game ever
Awesome game! But i wouldn't recommend this to players with a  pc with low specs.
It's the most beautiful game
Very enjoyable for a time but get repetitive after you reach a certain point
AMAZING !!! ... ONE OF THE BEST GAMES NEVER CREATED ... 100,000,000% BUY RECOMMENDED! LIVE AN EPIC ADVENTURE ALWAYS DIFFERENT FOR EACH PERSON!  INCREIBLE!!! ... UNO DE LOS MEJORES JUEGOS JAMAS CREADO...  100.000.000% RECOMENDADO COMPRAR ! VIVE UNA AVENTURA EPICA SIEMPRE DIFERENTE PARA CADA PERSONA!
Good game but a good computer is probably needed to play Ark without crashing
Gud Jame
i spen way too much time in this game
The Game is great, but the devs don't care anymore 
Very fun game to play for many hours, but only fun if you have like 3-4 friends to play with :D
It has dinos in it!
PROS: -Fun gameplay, taming/riding on Dinosaurs is great. -Provides a challenge for those who are looking for one, while being easy for those who don't want a challenge. -Supports Mods/Modders, which build on the base game/add new items and mechanics. -interesting islands to play on and explore, and even more can be added with mods. -Competitive Official Multiplayer Servers, as well as plenty of unofficial servers.  CONS: -Character editor is... I think the character editor is a dumpster fire with minimal effort put into it (a lost cause, really). All the possible edits are unusual and the randomize option makes ... things that look human but can't possibly be. -Some Bounding boxes/Collision boxes are too large/misshaped and cause unwanted issues; EG ragdoll effects on dead dinos can cause them to stretch weirdly when landing at the base of a rock which can -far too often- cause them to fall through the ground. -Wild Carnivorous Dinos never stop being hungry and will attack everything on sight, prepare to die. -F***ing Pelagornis can eat over 200 Narcotic (and other tranquilizers) without passing out and can eat all your food (yes even 300Lbs of raw meat), can disarm you when you try to attack, and will continue to attack you after it has taken everything from you (best plan is to tame a flying dino and have it protect you from them). -The ARK Dev Kit is only available on the Epic Games Launcher, meaning that in order to mod this steam game you have to download a second launcher; it is also rather large and performance heavy, so you will want to get a second SSD (a 250GB   SSD should be ok).  I recommend the game because it is fun to play once you get the hang of it, even funner when playing with friends. Other names for this game are: ARK: Prepare To Die Edition ARK: Wrath of the Pelagornis Back To the Future 3: "I told you not to pull that lever Kronk" ARK: "Wouldn't it be funny if I stuck a bunch of C4 on this dino and blew up their base?"
fun
Amazing but make sure you have a big enough processor, GPU and CPU
I love the game after years of playing .  i do wish they would be a little more open about what they are doing.  and stop breaking thing  namely Primitive Plus which used to be a great DLC  but now hardly playable from how they have broken it trying to apply vanilla updates to it then leave it unsupported and broken.  but as luck has it the game is so customizable that you can create a primitive server on your own.  via the game ini.   or jump into the wonderful world of mods  to make the game of your dreams.
10/10 would be bola'd by a beach bob, knocked out, robbed, and sold to a slave tribe, when I'm lv 105 and full geared.
People think its a money grabber well its not its a amazing game  sure its got alot of bugs but there is mostly always some fix for it even recently  they responded on the ark community fourms when someone said the mantis could not equip something for example and they said they are working on it. its a great game you just need to learn that not all games are perfect
ark is the best game that i now and i like it the most
One of my favourite games of all time with a brilliant development team!
The time when you look past the bugs is the time you actually start having hella lot of fun!!
Hmm so I have a few hours into this game and I think I can weigh in a little.   Do I love this game? Yes, yes I do. Would I recommend this game? Absolutely.  Is this a AAA quality game that's well made, and has adequate support? Fuckin super no.   
A very enjoyable game, definitely got my money's worth and haven't stopped playing for years now!
I could get into all sorts of details but at this point all  of them have been covered by other already.   All in all, ARK is a really good game.   For all of its short comings, it has an enormous amount of content and the progression, although slow at times, is very satisfying.    If you are into survival style games then this is one of the best out there for sure.     TLDR: You ride dinos and force people to go to sleep. Worth a shot if you are even curious.
After over 5000 hours in this game, I feel it's finally fair that I leave a review.  I initially bought ark in early development when it was cheap, but if I knew what the game would be like today, I would have paid $60 for it as well. $60 for 5000+ hours of enjoyment is definitely worth it's value. Now.. that being said, on to my actual review.  I like PvP and I like PvE, but if you want to get the most out of this game, I recommend playing on PvE. There is SO much to explore and enjoy in this game, but if you're playing just to PvP I feel like it will really limit your overall experience and perception of the game.  While ARK itself is a great game, I'd like to take a moment to appreciate the mod-makers who have really been the backbone of this game and helping it live to it's full potential. If you are planning on buying this game, I highly reccomend you looking into the mods Structures Plus, Eco's RP and Decor, and Castles, Keeps, and Forts.  The amount of fun I've had in this game far outweighs the bad, and I would recommend it to anyone who is wanting to play a survival game more casually.
Strongly recommend it, quite a few flaws but no biggie.
Meh its alright
good game
Why not?
Why in the world is this game so difficult to navigate? The main menu navigation is terrible and seriously needs to be worked on. The server list for anything other than Official servers is so stroke worthy it's unreal. It'd be great if they would just fix that instead of working on Atlas. Other than that garbage, it's actually a good game.
I played this game for a long time, but it is a hard game. Every time I advanced something stronger would come along and destroy all my stuff. However, I would recommend.
Very good
Overall I recommend Ark it's got dinos which resonates with any 90's baby. The community on the other hand is extremely toxic. Depending on who you group with etc. will determine your gameplay. I recommend playing this but on private servers as the official servers are just cancerous.
One of the best games I've ever played 10/10 would recommend.
I bought the game for a gasmask. Pretty good gasmask.
Awesome.  What more needs to be said?  This game has everything you could want from a survival game.  Sure there are things I would like to see added but that is what mods are for and the developers of this game are not only mod friendly, they actively support the mod community.
Game is fun. Game is brutal.
It's pretty good I guess.
YES
The game has lots of bugs that the developer should easily fix but don't care about. You will also face a lot of toxicity from the community of players in pvp servers.  Even if so, if you don't care about pvp the game is a lot of fun and has so much content you will be able to play for months without it getting too repetitive (disregarding the natural repetitive grinding of a survival game). Pro Tip... if you are going for solo play find a server with multipliers (5x for instance). If you are creating the server for local play also put some multipliers in there. The default settings are crazy and doing anything takes a huge amount of time (as they are balanced for a tribe that will play with several people).
Game good
Great game to play with friends and by your self great community and modded servers for people with a little or a lot of time on their hands
Love the game.  Content is massive.  Never get's boring.  Building, taming, exploring.  New mod map the volcano is awesome.   I have played for years and still find new things in maps I've been on. Playing with new friend from all over the world.  Sure there are a few bugs, but still worth dealing with to play the game.  Really the only downside is wife aggro.   Come in the waters fine, but watch out for the sharks and other predators.
It's a good game - like I mean a good GOOD game, not one of those game you play for a while and then get bored, well every game is like that if you play it so much, but erh... yeah, this game is not one of those... It's good. Its goodgame
Great game when you've figured it out, would recommend
While i don't play on actual servers i always play solo or on a dedicated server, this game has been super fun, i wasn't sure how much i would like the game when I started playing in sometime last year through expirieance and playing the game with my husband this game has tunred into one of my favorite games I play. In the beginning it was incredibly hard and kept dying from everything but as i learned and leveled up it became much more easy to survive, once you tame your first dino it becomes a whole lot easier, and you can tame some dinos super easy and all you need is a bolo and a club or just your fists, as you level you get more trhings to survuve and dinos become a whole lot easier to tame, at level 20 or 25 you can tame a t-rex to make it super easy to survive almost anything, you cant actually ride the rex till a much later level you can still have it follow you and kill anything that threatens you, I cannot speak for those who play with people from around the world i can speak for those who want to play in small groups or solo, it is a very enjoyable game and much more fun playing with someone else even if its a gf/bf or a spouse, but solo can be just as fun, I played over 400 hours of pure survival only in my most recent hours i have turned on creative mode, and its not as fun as survival mode but more entertaining because you can practically build anything in creative mode(solo), make a house as big and as high want, the only thing you cannot get in creative mode is food and kibble, there isn't  most of the crafting materials initially, but all you have to do is build something that required what you need then demolish it and you get like half or a fourth of what was used to make it, or you can go scavenge for the stuff you need. I have yet to get extinction but i want to, there are still a few bugs in the game but most games have some bugs even in full release,and you dont NEED every expansion to have fun or play the game which is a plus. The diffenent expansion to provide more of a variety but you can get most of the dinos in the original, even after its full release they still do maintanance and updates sometimes so they at least are maintaining the game
This game is pure cancer, especially on official servers. But the core gameplay is very addictive and quite rewarding. Would recommend if you have alot of time on your hands, otherwise stay far away from this game.
Great game with many thing to explore. Although the game has quite a few bugs i 10/10 would recommend
Very good game for solo and multiplayer. Love the story element which is optional. Good graphics and sound.
love there game when it works but its a 50/50 half of the time online and a 100% solo and i hate pvp so i love it has pve but it get too many fail to joins and sorry for my bad english but gode game over all
Legit dedicated my life to this game... I don't know if i'd say it's worth it... but be warned
bit of a random review here from someone that played the game for 2-3 years, then got bored, and over the last 3 months or so has come back. I'm totally hooked again  ;-) ok, so I play single-player local only ... because that is my preference ... the last thing I did before I gave up on the game for a while in 2016 was get into a stupid breeding program to breed the Kwisatz Haderach of Dire Bears (Dune reference ... if you've not seen Dune, watch it ... yes it's old (so am I ... 51 and counting), and the CGI is questionable, but it is awesome) Why Direbear, because they are crazy fast (so long as you dont bump into anything) ... so You can shoot tranq, jump on bear, fly off at silly speed, jump off, shoot tranq, repeat until dino down. Tried game again ... ooooh, how much has changed! ... I dont have to jump off bear to shoot, I can shoot mounted; I like this very much. and between 2016 and 2019, loads of new dino's added. I'm totally hooked again.breeding program for the Kwisatz Haderach of Thylacoleo engaged, and cut way short of time required for the DireBears, coz now theres a thing called imprinting (much love again) ... sorry UberDireBear, but your not needed any more, granted you are faster, but this guy can straight-line from a to b even if there is a mountain in the way, and he swims real fast too .... I still love you M160 (Male born at lvl 160 DireBear, my previous uber pet) ... but I'm afraid Thylo F235 has taken over as primary mount (currently lvl 301 and still leveling) So now I'm on a new mission, went to Ragnarok with F235 to breed some T-Rexes (cos it's so easy to tranq a T-Rex if you can shoot from the saddle while running, this is great!), and have now started Rex breeding program on ragnarok .... M256 and F256 have now produced me A-Rex, B-Rex, C-Rex, through S-Rex (Ironically, stopped there, I dont need a T-Rex, 20'th spot reserved for a Yuty) ... have you guessed my plan yet? Mow trained up, I have 19 lvl 329 Rexes (primary stats health, stam and melee) and a 310 Yuty ..... most painfull mission yet was getting them back to the portal on Ragnarok to send them back to the Island ..... time to try taking on the bosses solo. I've always loved this game, got bored for a while and played citry skylines a lot, but bored of that again now, and totally enthralled in Ark again. yes, I recommend this game :-) I'm still progressing after 3 years or so of gameplay (and 3 years of abandoning it) that has got to be value for money !
I love this game.  I find the building and catching of dinos the most fun.
yeet
In normal settings the game's name needs to change in Ark:Survival of dead.  Its a very cool game and never gets borring because it has so mutch to do.
Very very good game but it's all about people and time you need to play a lot if you want to succeed otherwise you will wake up without a base...
I've never been pulled into a game and spent so much timing playing a game as much as I play Ark.  Sure, it has major lag issues but you still work around these issues to enjoy a multitude if different aspects.  These guys really wanted to create a fully submersible experience.   It is very addictive and they have designed this game to consume hugh amounts of your time.  You will see the worse in people as they grow to power in this game.  You do have to take time and get accepted by a community.   Once you make friends things become much easier to accomplish.   I have played this game for years now and I still sign on everyday and there's still tons of things I haven't completed yet.  I'd recommend this game to everyone.   Good luck surviving!
It's a wonderfull game BUT it is super complicated to play with friend after the update.
I love the new Extinction.  My favorite part is taming the cool animals and breeding for better ones.
amazing
there is nothing better
Ark is one of my favorite games by far. I have many hours on console as well as PC. But there are some core issues with this game and, if you can deal with, will make this game more enjoyable.  1. The lag. I get that Ark is a semi-new game but if there was one thing I would tell Wildcard is to stop making maps and start improving the performance. I have a potato for a computer and when i create a new vanilla world it takes about 30 minutes to create and 5 minutes to load again. 2. Grinding. Once you get into the later stages of Ark, you will start to see that you need to grind for things such as metal and silica pearls. This problem can be avoided easily on solo and unofficial servers but if your on a official server your going to have to grind a lot. In conclusion, turn up resource rates, get a good computer, and Ark will be a fun prehistoric game for you. P.S. Get the game (if possible) on sale.
i play for like 25 min a month and im out but its good
It's a pretty good game, very expansive world and gameplay. My only criticism is that when they make DLCs, they incorporate it into the game, so you have to download the DLC even though you don't own it. It was to the point where I had 30 GB of DLC from Ark that I couldn't use, but still needed to install.
Amazing Game 
My favourite game by far, it has its bugs, but the fun times with friends make up for it.
Good game, although buggy, this game can provide a lot of good experiences. If you want to play the game I would highly recommend unofficial for the soul purpose of wipes. Official servers don't get wiped as often as they used to, and it should need to take 5 hours to tame a low tier dinosaur, This is not the game for gun v gun pvp, if that is what you are looking for I would recommend Rust, this game outshines others based on the fact that you can travel across map on a freaking dinosaur, no other game can offer an experience quite like that. Devs are lazy and the game hasn't been the same since the release of tek gear, but other than that I would recommend this game.
I recommend this game because it held me for so many hours. At a certain point I feel a little embarrassed I've played so much but I also see it as a testament to the game designer's ability to give me exactly what I was looking for in a game.   From the start your not really given any knowledge about whats going on and it's an odd feeling when you log into a world where your only direction comes from the title. On my old system it looked vast and beautiful.... After 2500 hours I finally bought a new computer. This game was meant to be played on a monster computer. At high settings it becomes a work of art.   Commence the dying. For any new player, you need to know not only will you die... you will learn to use your deaths to your advantage. At least with all the optimization and bug fixes only 30% of your deaths will be bug related ;-).(Bugs used to be the main boss of the game back when the only map was the island.)   When I first spawn into a map I will spend at least 20 hours just spawning and exploring and dying. When you choose a spot you really need to think about it so put a little effort into picking out a good one.  Figure out if you want PvP or PvE. I thought I wanted PvP until I realized I just wanted to collect dinosaurs and build cool shit. I made the switch then really started enjoying myself because my stuff would still be there when I logged back in. I also suggest Officials if your playing for longevity. Private servers are only good as long as everyone is cool paying for it. Once people stop playing then you either foot the bill or loose everything you worked for............ I have lost a lot.   I wont go in depth with anything else game wise because I think its been reviewed to death. There were a mountain of bugs in the past and they have worked hard getting rid of most of them. In the beginning I actually figured out methods to play catering to the bugs so it minimized losses when they happened. (If you played where parachutes were on your hot bar  when you rode a flier and you became a boss at whistling your bird to follow when you fell because of a DC then you know what I mean.)    The social aspect of the game is cool. It gets painful sometimes when you have a really good tribe for awhile then people start loosing interest and falling out. There are a ton of trolls out there but when you find a good group of people and a pleasant community on a server it is paradise. There are always high and lows, when you hit a high you feel a huge sense of accomplishment and it makes up for the low points in the game.   In the end I accomplished everything I wanted to. Had mega bases on almost every Official map. After Extinction it was just too much maintenance to keep it all going so I had to take a step back. I feel the call to play again and who knows maybe I will but I think this time I will be strictly solo on an official and just work to be a part of the community instead of a group.   Thank you WC for this experience. I hope you continue to evolve the worlds and communities you have created.  
Click...Nice
if i bought this game on steam can i get it for free on the microsoft store
Hi, I'm 2scoopsrice and I've played ARK more than one man should. This game has many, many downsides, notably the grind to become strong, the odd game breaking bug (thank god for console commands,) and the fact that it's unreliable, and it's usually pretty difficult to load into the game, if it even loads at all. A lot of the time it just freezes, and I have to reload the game. If this game sucks so much, then why am I recommending it?   Although it's pretty rough in a lot of places, it's still very fun to play, and the DLCS add a good amount of content to mix the game up enough to where it's still the same game, and it's recognizable, but there's a lot of new mechanics to learn. And you want to know something? A lot of the stuff I complained about before is completely up to you. This is because of a slider system you can use before you generate the world. You can double the amount of resources you get, so you don't have to grind as much. Or you can half or even quarter the taming speed, so taming an animal doesn't take nearly as long. This is what I do, since I hate grinding in video games, and it's very nice to me to have the option since I don't want to wait 3 hours to tame an animal. Now, a maybe deal-breaker is the fact that most servers play on standard settings. I only play singleplayer because I dislike bases everywhere and getting murdered for no reason, but many people enjoy the multiplayer aspect of this game. Another major thing I like about this game is the uniqueness of the animals. There's your basic animals that are good at everything, and that's great, but there's also a lot of animals that fulfill a specific niche. And this isn't really annoying, since they're pretty easy to find. It's almost impossible to play the game without the animals, because they provide much more than if you were just playing with your character alone.   Sorry this was kind of convoluted and hard to read through, but that's pretty much what I think about this game. There's definitely more I haven't mentioned, so take it with a grain of salt. I do recommend this game, but probably only a percentage of people will enjoy this kind of game, and some will definitely find it too difficult, too buggy, too expensive, or too grindy to enjoy.
I just run non-dedicated sessions and play with my friends-it's good fun, and you can paint your friends blue, ride a raptor and shoot guns. There is an obnoxious host tether distance (if you get too far away from the host you're just dragged over to them) when you're doing this, but it's still a fun time.
veri noice game.
This game is amazing. it may sound cheesey but it has good gameplay and good grafics
Have you ever woke up naked on a beach and fist fought someone? Have you ever punched a tree? Have you eaten your own poop> Well that's my Tuesday but my Tuesday doesn't have dinosaurs.
games is amazing on unofficial, official in the other hand... well lets just say that's where most of the cancer hangs out at. i personally would NOT buy it unless it was on sale.    
Ark is one of those games that's frustrating, but keeps you coming back for more.  If you're masochistic, boy is this the game for you. Be prepared to die... allot. You'll be maimed, slashed, eaten or just plain starve to death out in the wilderness trying your best to survive and tame the land around you.   There are several bugs, but recent patches have fixed some of the worst ones.  Online mode is damn near unplayable {at least for me}, there is an offline option, but you're unable to transfer your save data into online mode which is a drag.   I love this game and i'm happy that the developers are releasing new content and fixing errors with updates often enough
Best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ok so I only have around 200 hours of gameplay of this game and I only played on privite servers but it's a BLAST.  so you often begin on a safe island on the shores and nearly instantly die by some animal in the nearby (often a Dilophosaur). About dying a few times you run away and get to a tree. You start punching the tree and getting some wood a thatch. Nearly seconds after that you will take small amounts of damage instantly think some dino has reached you, but then realize it's just because you have punched a tree to much.  Sooner or later you will have a little base of thatch with a campfire. you may have tamed a dodo or killed some. you start getting real gear when you realize leveling up is hard AF when you get to higher lvls. at the end you find some iron and start building a furnace at this moment shit speeds up. you will strart gaining gear but also realize this is a grindy game you start taming and move your base. And at last you've played so much the game gets boring.  you leave the server thinking that you've done all and that you're done with the game forever...  then you return two week later and continue and still have fun.  -------------- this is the beauty of ark you can always return one day or the other thanks for reading my review I give this game 2/3 michelin Dilophosaurs
Awesome
Refund my money so i can buy this POS again please
Wonderful Game 10/10 would play again                                                                                if I had friends
i would highly recommend this for sure the only flaw i think is the biggest problem is the spec recommendation i use to play ark on a laptop but ran god awful then i decided to switch to desktop and its 10 times better probably because i have goods pc for once so i would give it a 9.5/10
ye
Not a 60$ game in its current state. Definitely a fun game though. i dont play pvp i just play the pve for a while with friends on modded servers. play it like once or twice a year for 50-100 hours each time we play. Fun if you have friends to play with, not a big fan of playing it solo personally.
Buy it.
Good Game, Although It Took 89 Trillion Petabytes To Play
amazing game, but damn shes a fatty currently sitting at 142gb for this game, that includes marketplace items but still
I have a love hate relationship with the game. I love this game because im a nerd for dinosaurs and i enjoy building a base, raiding and screwing around with mods. That being said ark has always had its stupid moments and half the things they have done was stupid but i keep coming back for more. With my 2k hours ive done so much and met so many cool people from across North America and some new guys at school. As much as I may hate this game i also love it ! Is it worth 59 99 no
pretty good game with friends but too many bugs 
i love this game because it is unique and there is no other game like it but the bad is that you have to pay like an extra 60 quid for and already 40 pound game  to get all the included maps so they should be all free unless you wanted them as early releses so you end up needing to pay 100 pounds to feel the full  game experience 
I think it's a really fun game that grants the player possibilities like no other game I've seen bevor. Unlike other games, Dinos are essential for all parts of the game.   I know a lot of people don't like the Devs / what they are doing with the game.  I don't play this game hardcore and I think anyone who doesn't intend to put 2k+ hours into this game in a short period of time won't really mind the problems.   Many of the bugs won't affect you unless you play on a server that is only about pvp.  Playing on a pve server, your own server / singleplayer or on a small pvp server like myself, you really shouldn't find these problems too bad.
Nice games
rawr
It is a very good game! it does require a good computer/laptop and a lot of space on your computer though. It can be slow and laggy but it's easily fixed by turning the graphics down, but even turning the graphics down doesn't stop it from looking great!
Epic game
Great game for building and lovers of dinosaurs also great aspect for role players and communitys
Rust, but dinosaurs
One of the greatest sandbox games, But it gets a little annoying how gitchy it can be at some times and quite unstable of bear minimum specs but still 7/10 fun game!
I love this game so far the challenge of surviving. Yes its hard but if its that hard for you to survive on online servers then there is always the singleplayer option you can choose
its really fun but like other people say its pretty laggy at times ESPECIALLY when you throw mods into the mix. But that out of the way, this has got to be one of the most fun games i have every played. The progression is REAL. For example, you farm a triceratops for getting berries. Then, berries aren't a problem anymore. You farm an ankly for getting metal. Then, metal isn't a problem anymore. Overall great game with friends or playing solo if your into that.
You're going to have to quit your job.
noice
I absolutely adore ARK. It is, as of writing this review, my favorite game which I have played many hours on. It has a way of making you feel small compared to the dinosaurs. You feel satisfied after you have tamed your first big creature. But, as in most games, there are a couple of issues: the game started out as an extremely addicting yet simple dinosaur survival game, but with all the new dlc's, it has started to become too futuristic. I bought this game for the primitive gameplay it was made for. Yes, you don't have to buy the dlc's, but even if you don't, some features still make their way into the base game. Everything from the dlc's other than the maps themselves can be accessed through the base game, which means that while running through the island, it is quite common to find tek dinos from the extinction dlc. Sometimes I might want to play in a futuristic world with fancy, alien creatures, but most of the time I find myself wanting to play a dinosaur game, but being dissapointed whenever the immersion is broken due to a tek dino crossing my path. Of course there are lots of glitches too, but what do you expect from a game with so much content? Overall it is an amazing game with amazing models and graphics, I personally just want the dlc 'leak' problem fixed, I want to play a dinosaur game.
Ark is an amazing game i love it!
very good game 7/10 really great modding community good graphics and one of the best games that feature dinosuars
 I can remember pumping hundred of hours  into this game to build epic bases and tame huge beasts.  I loved it
great game, official servers are hard but the unofficial ones are alot easier. taming takes ages 
masterpiece of a game 10/10 > played for nearly a thousand hours on console and still so much to do > one of the most satisfying and rewarding game i have played  > amazing maps  
Very fun game. Also very grindy. If you dont have time dedicated it's hard to get anywhere. But it is fun to play friends. Another thing, it is a big game. Make sure your PC can run it.
ARK: SURVIVAL EVOLVED CHECKLIST ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  Gameplay- [] Couldn't hold my attention for even a minute [] Could only play an hour or so [x] I could play this aaaalllll day [] Life? What's that?  Graphics- [] My eyes hurt [] Looks like my first-grade art project [] Pretty decent [x] Amazing (for what it is, it is great) [] Am I even playing a video game right now?  Performance- [] I could play it on a potato [] Need a relatively okay computer (at the cost of some graphics options) [x] Somewhat expensive computer [] Super PC [] Just ask a space station to use one of their computers  Player Base- [] Only toddlers can enjoy [] Kids, really [] Teenagers [] Adults and older [x] Anybody and everybody!  Story- [x] Doesn't have one [] Shallow [] Okay [] Normal [] Deep  Price- [] Not worth any money [] Wait for a sale [x] Full price  Difficulty- [] Easy-peasy [] Medium [] Hard [] Stress level max, here [x] It depends!  Soundtrack- [] Doesn't have one [] Turn it off! [x] Okay [] So nice!
Love this game own it on here and ps4
This is a very engrossing game that will take up a lot of your hours. I play single player, and it took me a lot of trial and error to figure out the best way to go about things. Now with 118 hours in I have over a dozen bases around the Island, most focused on mining locations. I'm still trying to push my way north into the colder climates. I was lucky enough to tame a T Rex, only because it got caught in some rocks and couldn't get out. If you like open-ended sandbox games, this one is great.
this game is great
Tis a dope dope game i say
bruh
Love the game been playing for years now and still get that buzz as if it was the first time
awesome game.. commend it to everyone
This a true PC killer, and worth it aswell! I do recommend, gets boring after a while with out friends though.
Ark: Survival Evolved is one of my favorite games to play right now. It has an array of amazing creatures to interact with, and the landscape is beautiful. Maybe it's my computer, but I often crash. This can be fixed with a better computer, however, the game mechanics seem to decide that every third crash it will destroy my character, and as I try to rejoin my single player session, It spawns me in as a new character. This is incredibly frustrating and discourages me from playing. Overall, its a good game but is sometimes buggy.
great
rawr eck dee
I highly recommend this game if you like dinosaur and survival games
Nice
DISCLAIMER: My hours are low on Steam, but I've played hundreds of hours on my xbox.  ARK: Survival Evolved is not a very well polished game. It has a generous amount of bugs, it isn't extremely balanced, and it can be a bigger grind than its worth. However, I've somehow managed to have an overall positive, fun experience with this game in spite of its issues, and I would still recommend it to anyone who likes a good survival game. I have almost exclusively played on my own non-dedicated servers either by myself or 1-4 friends, so I'm not qualified to speak for other gamemodes.   SECOND DISCLAIMER: I also have played with my own custom rules, but the only settings I changed were the dino taming speed and the XP multiplier; I just made things take less time. This may sound like cheating, and it may technically be, but I could also mess with the settings and just make myself completely invincible, so making it take 30 minutes to tame a dinosaur instead of 2 hours seems fair.
One of the most fun games i ever played
m8 it just takes skill it takes time to get good it takes time to tame and i can get riot in a x5 server and i started out being scared of dodos GOD DAMN DODOS
Ark.... it's the best game ever made; by the worst developers ever! Atlas....the same game, but without dinosaurs. Don't fix the ddos....don't fix the meshing....but remove the dinosaurs and make another game.
I've been playing this game since very early access and just decided to make a review after so long. The optimization on this game is far better than what it once was. The gameplay itself is a bit droll as it is on most online games unless you have a group to play with, but even then you can still have some fun.  The Good: Tons of hours of gameplay A lot of private servers so you're sure to find one to your liking, or you can host your own Plenty of things to learn (crafting, breeding, caves, etc)  The bad: The exploits are still plenty and sometimes it feels like they're being ignored by Devs Slow start, you'll pretty much ALWAYS be well behind everyone (unless it's your server)  Toxic community, most Alpha tribes are less than friendly, and when you beat them at something they throw Kanye tantrums and will go out of their way to make your life in game miserable Bugs, you'd think with as long as the game was in Early Access and how long it's been on official release the bugs would be worked out, but nope, if your map doesn't load in times you'll probably fall into the abyss (and lose everything on you) or you'll glitch into someone's floor, wall etc and get wrecked by something insignificant.  So in short, if you're patient and have a group you can play with or are sociable, it's a great game, just go for the higher rate servers where losing everything doesn't matter, it'll be funner, trust me. So all in all, it's a great game with great potential still, just needs a more sociable platform for it (IE: Tribe recruitment tabs in game or something)
GOOD GET IT
I LOVE ARK!! It's one of the best games i have ever played. But you have to be prepared for a lot of grinding and resource gathering but it's easily avoided or narrowed down with the settings in the host/local screen and can be played in any style and by anyone. I really think you should buy this game. 10/10
The game costs a lot of money, so i recommend it when it is on sale, which happens often so that shouldn't be a problem, but the game is worth the money and all aspects of t are nice. The taming can get a little repetitive but is worth the wait. i only have three hours on PC but over 200 on console and the game still has me learning. The game devs update it often making it constantly getting better. The DLC's are a blast, even the free maps which offer a lot more to explore and even tame. From a dodo, to a giant flying dragon, this game has much to offer and will continue to grow.
I don't understand some of the people who post negative reviews on here. You put a good amount of hours in this game and not recommend it? I would understand if you only played less than 2 hours. Then you can return it. But I'm mostly looking at ones who have 100+ hr in the game. This game is great. I put over 1200+ hrs so far and enjoy the game. From base building, taming, to exploring caves. I enjoy playing with some mods too. I will continue to play this game. The game runs fine. If you complain and tell ark to fix their game. Perhaps you should report bugs/issues correctly. There are forums where you can post your issue. Ark can't fix an issue in a game without details. Then perhaps the issue you ask will be fix in future patches.
I absolutely love this game! I already have over 300 hours on it, it just has so much to offer. The basic game is amazing, but when you add workshop mods, it's even better! I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes survival and dinosaurs, seeing how that is the point of the game.
LOVE ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTt
FUN
At the time of writing this review I haven't seriously played ARK since mid 2018. I'm not going to be bring expansion content into this review, it's just base game. Also, I don't do PvP. Ever.  Getting hooked on ARK is as easy as watching someone else play it. Or just listen to the way I always describe it. "You wake up naked on a tropical island. There are dinosaurs. Have fun surviving." As soon as I saw the game being played, I had to own it.  My first time logging in was memorable. I created a character, chose my starting zone and entered the game. My first thought upon taking a look around was "those are big teeth." My second thought was "I need to find a zone without any tyrannosaurs in it."  Death is common in this game. You will be eaten by small dinosaurs. You will be eaten by big dinosaurs. You will be casually exterminated by packs of dinosaurs. But for every moment you survive, you gain experience. Even the worst strings of luck help you get better.  There are a few mechanics you need to be aware of in this game if you're going to play it. First is food and water. Even the ocean is drinkable in ARK, so water isn't usually a big problem early on. For food, you can kill a dodo even with your bare hands, though you'll need a tool to skin it for meat. Berries are plentiful, but you have to eat a lot of them to stay fed. If the idea of needing to watch your food and water simply to survive bothers you...well, you probably shouldn't be checking out a survival game.  Second is building. Anywhere you go in ARK, you'll want a base. This is particularly true in single player where you won't find friendly forts run by other players. Placing your main base in close proximity to water and major resources like metal is one of the keys to success. Making sure your base is built out of something stronger than thatch is another key. No matter how much sexier it might be to learn how to make a rifle than a stone roof, only one of these things keeps you safe while you're offline. You must learn to build in order to survive.  Third is taming. I hate taming, but it's an absolute necessity in ARK. A single person on foot is vulnerable and prey for many predators. A single person riding a horse can flee from danger. A single person riding a velociraptor can fight back. A single person riding a tyrannosaurus can eat just about anything the island throws at them. If you get really ambitious you can even breed your dinosaurs to get more powerful dinosaurs than can be tamed in the wild. Some people like that. People like me let them get on it with it while we build castles and kill things.  On public servers taming anything worthwhile will take a significant amount of time. This is one of many reasons that unofficial servers are so popular. Accelerated taming rates allow even a solo player to carve out a bit of safety for themselves. I suggest starting out on an official server, but once you have a feel for the game, find a reliable unofficial server. You'll enjoy your time in ARK much more when you're on a server with active moderators.  Not that playing ARK alone lacks enjoyment. You can build whatever you like, there's no competition for building spots or resources and when you leave the world it pauses so you never log back in to find that something has gotten into your base and eaten your egg-laying dodos or other pets.  ARK is an easy game to figure out. Not easy to master, but easy to become proficient enough at. While you'll die a lot before you figure it out, the deaths won't cost you a lot. It's possible to recover your possessions, but whatever you made you can make again. Even losing an entire base, which might happen while you're still building with thatch, won't really set you back.  Everything you do in ARK makes you stronger. Rebuilding a base simply gets you more experience that will make you harder to kill the next time. Replacing weapons is the same. Losing a valued pet hurts, a lot, but you can tame another, or breed better. As you survive, you learn. As you learn, you survive longer.  Buy this game. It's given me countless hours of enjoyment, I've met many great people and it satisfies both my inner architect and my inner conqueror. There's not much more you can ask of any game. Except maybe human npcs, but no game's perfect.
This is an addicting and hard grind. Start from scratch and work your way up to taming higher levels and getting better loot. Fun, but without the hours to dedicate to this game it won't be. Also comes with 10-second long lag spikes every few minutes, as well as PVE servers where first come first serve take up spots they have no plans on using. Bring along friends with spare time and this won't be a waste of money. Otherwise stay away before it consumes you.
You can poop pick it up and eat it MUST BUY
My computer is trash but still fun with friends. 8.9/10 for huge file sizes
Great Game. Love it, havn't really had much problems with bugs and yes somethings do need to be fixed. All in All Fun game its a bit unrealistic when it comes to dino sizes, but Its still fun. Recommend this game if you like dinosaurs and survival. This game is hard when trying to survive, but don't let dying get you down. If you do not in joy games like this, then don't get it. To conclude this game is really fun and cant wait to see what they do in the future!
Sooo after 6 h i can say, looks like shit but i like it!
Got addicted to the Android Mobile Version....and then I found the PC version which helped me kick that first addiction...however....now I'm hopelessly addicted to the PC version...anyone know if there is a AA group (ark anonymous) group? Absolutely love this game. Nothing bad to say about it!!
THE GAME IS THE BEST I REALLY LIKE IT AND VERY FUN.
The game is awesome but I got banned and i didnt cheat. If someone can help contact me 
d
Despite it's issues, I can't give it less than 10 with 2k hours invested.
Most likely my all time favorite game with GTA Online. Masterpiece.
Don't.
The game is very fun and interesting , but for me it crashes sometimes.
Very gud gem. Pitrov approves
i love ark its so fun
First of all let me say that ARK is a great game. I've played it for several hundred hours and that is without being able to play on the Abberation or extinction maps. I plan to play it for several hundred more hours and greatly enjoy many of the features in the game. However ARK is a severely buggy game, some features haven't been changed since the game was first released to Steam's early access on june 2nd of 2015. I purchased this game 10 days after it's release to early access and was unable to actually play the game until several months after the initial release.  Here we are nearly 4 years later and the game has finally gotten properly released, and as previously stated, there are bugs in the game that have not been fixed despite having existed since the game's initial beta release. Studio wildcard, while developing great and impressive content for their game, seems to want to rush production and release a half-finished product and then refuse to fix the bugs their game has when asked to do so by the playerbase. Instead releasing new paid DLCs before they fix the maps they already have out to begin with. This is starting to sound a bit like a negative review, despite the fact that i marked this game as recommended. This is because while ARK is a phenomenal game that has challenged the limitations of open world gaming, it has been the source of much excitement, and much disappointment for many of it's players. Often causing as much despair as joy during the time it has been available to us.  So my recommendation for players interested in purchasing this game is as follows: If you want an open world survival game that is as beautiful as it is challenging and offers a multitude of playstyles and options for optimizing your character ARK is for you. However if you cannot deal with multitudes of bugs, most of which are irritating but some of which are game-breaking. bad terrain and creature meshing, and a developer that refuses to fix or even accept their mistakes, then ARK is not for you. With that out of the way here are some tips on how to best play ark 1: gather up a small group of friends, perhaps a large group of friends if you are interested in PvP 2: immediately disregard ALL official servers, and most unofficial servers 3: host your own server or rent a server host so you and your friends can play unhindered by the honestly terrible official server community 4: download and install some mods for your server 5: spend thousands of hours playing the game on your new private server 6:????????? 7:Profit
I dunno what to say with this game   its a fun game, if you're patient.  the devs hold up promises, if you're patient.  bugs get fixed, nevermind  but also, this is a game that is good game  glumg  i only recommended it because of the fun times you can have on here,       if you're patient.
One of the best games i have ever played
Best game ever
No issues and co-op connection very easy. A great game that could use more content. Quite fun, well done, great graphics. Just lacking interesting NPCs and better RPG content (I know it's a PvP game). I've played for about 400 hours and still enjoy it. I now have 12 dragons! I play it as a co-op survival sandbox with a friend.
game is amazing so far
i can't say how much i love this game! it is very fun, with a great and creative backstory. but, it comes with a small handful of bugs, but other than that, amazing. i enjoy doing random things, and even play around with stuff.
it good
Great game
YES VERY FUN YES
Good game, brilliant graphics (If you have a beefy setup), very buggy, but overall i never find myself with nothing to do in fact almost at times overwhelming   *Only Get On Sale Though*
best game ever. dinos are cool
Do you play ARK very often? Oh, what am I saying - of course you don't, because they ban a hacker who also showed how to do it in a video. - Nazeem to cry babies
I started playing ark and was instantly hooked. Me and a group of friends from work all hopped on with a veteran ark player who walked us through the game. We began building towards the endgame content. Unfortunately every time we would build a decent base with our first few hard games. We would go to work and come home to find our base had been destroyed over and over by players from extinction who transported end game games to the island to destroy our bases for almost no gain. Cross expansion transport we cannot continue to play , being able to bring super over powered Dino’s back to old expansions is really game breaking and hope to see it gone .
If you don't tell me the truth, you're gonna be eating your shoes." "If you live to be a hundred, you will never be as smart as me. On your BEST day, you're not as smart as smart as a dolphin, I eat morons like you for breakfast.
Always Loved the Game, stopped for awhile as i got busy but always glad to see the game is still great. just deeply wish they reworked it with better coding to run better then ever.
Ark is a fun game with solid core mechanics and fundamentals, but it does have a biult in ballenceing problem when playing single player on vanilla stats.   If you are someone who would enjoy a survival game with a small group of friends or solo I encourage you to adjust your settings to turn up harvesting rates, turn up difficulty to max, and to turn down Dino spawn rates. This makes the game more fun to play when you are just starting out.  Overall my experience with the multi player system is limited but from what I know about the ark community it can be difficult for new players to start out.  Continuing to the content of the game the base game contains 3 maps (the island, Ragnarok, and the center) while there are three payed dlc maps that cost around 20 dollars each, the game is full of content without the dlc and the dlc maps are worth the 20 dollars (especially the aberration map) but I would recommend that you try to buy this game on a sale.  The core mechanics of tameing Dino’s and the general combat system is very rewarding if a little repetitive.   All of this comes together to make a niche game that will be fun for you if you enjoy a challenge and if you like survival games
YEET
use the keepinv mod trust me
goood
great game
Graphic 8/10 Gameplay 8/10 100% online  So hard in beginner  If you want survival and monsters  world game. Buy this game  
Labor intensive but with the right people it's an insanely great game
UwU Rawr
Best Pokemon game ever
good
it's good if you really like a neverending build game  but it's nothing if you hate "survival" / "grinding" / "farming" game
Fucking Alpha Raptors.  Every  Damn  Time
GodDamnItMeatball!
eh it ok
Is good...
Optimize the game, PLEASE!
Really good game but you need very high graphics.
Eh verk god yes?
great game but stupid stuff like your entire inventory and tames getting wiped can happen for no reason when you try to transfer
Yes, it is a great game, but there are a few things to take note of: 1. Please avoid the official servers, they are populated with huge mega tribes that will prevent you from building up and getting past even the thatch hut stage. If you do not know what i am talking about, you can research the game and then you will know. 2. Private servers instead! You can have a lot of fun on them! if you do not have friends, then you can play singleplayer, which is just as fun. 3. Please watch the videos on youtube teaching you how to play. Ark is a very complicated game, and you may need to look up things on the wiki. 4. If you hate bugs, you may need to wait. Recently, Wildcard has been getting a bit better about the situation, but ark used to be a laggy, and generally buggy game. (Dinos falling through the map, etc.)
I love how you can just go on forever, well.. until you hit the world border but still
this game features amazing sights and You could never replace and there are so Many options depending on how you play if you like to just tame, tame and tame some more you can go to pve better yet there are unofficial server witch you can make to fit you and arks Community is very supporting and the devs spend a lot of time on this master peace i give it 9/10 because  nothing Perfect because there are still rag quitters and people like that but every game has them even minecraft has it but devs i love this game i hope it never dies 
I think ark is an amzing game to goof off in with friends me and my friends will go on and make a bunch of new friends in this game but the PVP is a little unfair, servers usally constantly being wiped because of alpha tribes being salty and it ruins the fun but if you are lucky you will find a fair pvp server every once in a while like 1/500 chance you will find a nice server no one is salty the raiding is fair and you have fun but usally a alpha tribe will transfer over and wipe you and the server ruining the fun like i said the pvp is broken but still and amazing game 3.5/10
Great game if your potato pc can handle it, vanilla ARK is aight but I recommend playing modded PVP. A modded PVP server I recommend is PuffArk
ARK: Survival Evolved has been my favorite game for a few years. I even had a dedicated server running 24/7 for 3 years. I bought the game when it was released in Early Access where the performance of the game wasn´t too good. But the devs did work on patching the game constantly at a pace that I have not seen since. I liked ARK so much that my playing time exceeded 2500 hours mostly playing on my own server or others with some, mostly, very nice people. I even did some roleplay on dedicated whitelisted servers which resulted in a lot of fun. Surviving on ARK isn´t easy, but when you get the hang of it, you will have a lot of fun and excitement. Unfortunately ARK has become a bit weird with the latest expansions. And the performance has dropped somewhat. I definitively liked the pure dinosaurs the best. But I would still recommend this game for anyone who want to have a, at times, challenging gameplay with taming and breeding dinosaurs and building a sustainable and beautiful home!
It is one of the best games that I have played yet. The game is very flexible if it comes to mods, so even if you do not like the vanilla game it could entertain you. I have now played 1500 hours and had every DLC (on my old acc.). I must say that this review is probably very subjective, but I just associate good things with this game. As I mantioned before the modding on this game is really great, so even if you are tired of thousands of hours vanilla the mods will provide  you enough content to play another thousand. It is a good survivalgame and the very good thing about it is that there is no p2w bullshit in there. Luckly the title is not from Activision or EA, you can notice, that the publishers wanted to create a game that is as good as possible and not a game that gets as much profits as possible. That was my review about the game, I hope you enjoyed reading it. As I said, it is not a neutral review, so if you need information on the mechanics of the game please read a professional one.
Fun game. If your new, I strongly recommend the SupremeArk Server chain! Not much to say here other than that. Enjoy.
Love The Game It's Amazing.
I've put a few hours into this game and I can say while it has ups and downs, overall the ups outweigh the downs. I've been addicted for hours on end and it just gives a wild ride from the start. I would and have recommended this game to friends and would continue to do so.
Feels like a weaker version of Conan Exiles in the PvE department, and I don't like the PvP department because it feels like an underdone game in terms of attacks and movement. While I'm certain its fine by most accounts for survival games, it's not what I like.
This game is very fun but the lag a frame drop issues should be addressed based on the price of this game.
Do I need to say anything more? The game is amazing, taming dinos, building bases, raiding others, this game is definitely the best survival game on steam. There is one problem through... game can barely be run a my $800 rig and just barely makes the cut on my $1200 rig on high settings.
idk how to play the game but it is fun
Shit game.
its ok
This is a very good game. Amazing graphics, creatures etc! I so recommend it to lot's of monster, dinosaur and creature lovers. There are plenty of crazy, big and small things to mount. The only thing you have to be careful about is the space available in your laptop/computer. The game is VERY large with good reason. ♥  Other than that it is a great game and I recommend it! :)
Oh god, I have such a love-hate relationship with this game, I don't even know where to start.  For brevity and my own sanity, I'm gonna try to break this down into a bullet list of pros/cons.  Pros:  -one of the very few games with dinosaurs, even fewer games that allow you to interact with them beyond just killing them -Pokemon-esque mechanics for taming and using almost every creature in the game, including some incredibly bad-ass ones like dragons (wyverns) and gigantic earth elementals (titans) -Lots of options for successful multiplayer interaction, layers of controls within clans etc. so you don't have to implicitly trust your clanmates in every way not to mess with your stuff/tames -Easy to figure out the basic mechanics for, can be harsh starting out but as long as you have a more experienced player to help you get starting gear, it's not too bad. My 70-year-old mom plays this game with me! -Very pretty graphics, that they regularly update to look even better. They're just about finished with a huge overhaul of character models that looks way more aesthetically pleasing. (Google some side by side comparisons, it's remarkable how much they've changed some of the species! -Lots of unofficial servers that you can look into joining if the official servers aren't to your taste -steady improvement of organization controls to help you organize your tames into teams. The incorporation of the Whistles and Groups systems was a big help. Still wish there were more groups to choose from, and more tames allowed in each group (right now there are only ten total, which you can use up fast (ie "strike force" "current breeders" "Turrets" "pack mounts" etc)  Cons: -THIS GAME WILL EAT YOUR LIFE -laying out building elements can be extremely frustrating. They've been improving it lately by incorporating the Structures + mod into vanilla gameplay, but you'll still run afoul of proper pillar placement, getting walls and doors to align together, etc. If you can, find a server with Structures + mod installed. -Dinos remain idiots when pathing, moreso after they've been tamed. Somehow wild dinos will always find their way to you, but good luck getting your tames to walk past a handful of pebbles without getting constantly stuck. -Official servers have a huge disparity between casual/occasional gamers and kids who seem to make playing this game their profession. Unless you join a tribe that doesn't mind you only logging in occasionally, you will never be able to compete with the 24/7 players, even on PVE servers -I have nearly a thousand hours in this game and I've never once seen any kind of mod activity on any official server -Despite the many alleged anti-hacking/cheating systems in place, official servers are still constantly undermined by hackers. In a three-day-old Extinction server, the only (gigantic) tunnel leading from our starting area into the city was completely blocked off by stone platforms in a single night (we're talking like, 500-1000 stone walls in less than 24 hours). -Pretty much every server seems to have at least one racist, cheating asshole who runs amok and targets anyone they come across. No way to mute them. No way to report them (that any live moderator will actually look at) -player and creature transfers make it super easy for established alpha tribes to transfer to a new server and wipe everyone off the map, then transfer again and destroy another server, etc. Really don't understand why allowing transfers is the standard setting on official servers. -Official PVE servers are a nightmare for new players--tribes (often hackers) will go on a spree of "claiming" every inch of the map with pillars as soon as they join, meaning new players have to find a super remote spot in the middle of nowhere to so much as put down the most basic level of building materials (like a campfire, so you don't die from eating uncooked meat)  Just, overall a very harsh game to get into on your own, but can be a lot of fun with the right people. Currently I'm playing by myself on a rented server with the settings tweaked just how I like it, and it works out great for me, as my young kids only allow me a few hours of gaming time per week. Try not to get attached to your tames, especially on official servers, as they most likely WILL DIE...for the dumbest of reasons, too. (Always be mindful of your whistles keyboard bindings, so you don't accidentally leave them on "passive" when you're not around to protect them!)  Honestly I have lots more I could say about this game, but I'll wrap this up here. The long and short of it is, there's a lot of areas that could use work, but the game as a whole is infinitely playable. Just...like I said, don't get attached to your tames.
Best game i've ever played, on the pve side.. had a great experience with it, it could have done better tho. Anyway on the pvp side its worse than (whatever game you think its bad) because of all those exploits. So do i recommend it? Yes, if you enjoy single player or pve games you will have a great time! If not find a unofficial server.
Honestly just trash not recommended but i started playing and now im hooked and i cant get out please help. 10/10 would not recommend but if you love addictions go for it.
SP = YES MP = NO
It is a fun game and I recommend buying it if it is I sale, but first make sure wildcard has fixed the games weak points ie. Meshing in pvp
good game 10/10
This game is just...... WOW! Just Amazing..... Yes, this game does have bugs and glitches in it, But not every game is perfect!?!?! I haven't played a single game that does not have some sort of flaw in it. 10/10 would buy this game again if I ever lost it!
Best Survival Game EVVEEEEERRRRRRR
good
Its a great game i would buy it again
 ARK its just a awesome game to play you can like play modded and vanillia. Single player is very nice to. But the biggest fight of all is the boss fights, thats to epic.
Game is good. Spent hundreds of hours playing and having fun with friends, I don't really see why all of the hate is needed.
one of the best survival and building games of all time people who think other wise can go suck a fat di*k
COOL  COOP .  ----->>>>    Love ARK - SE .
Great game 
ARK will always be a great fun survival MMO with TONS of official and non-official servers to play on all with unique characteristics like PVE or PVP with rule sets and different harvesting abilities etc.  ARK is amazing and will always be in my top 5 survival games to play!
Best survival game out there by far I mean no one games has the same graphIc realstic and best gameplay all packed into one. Love the game keep it up. 
Man this game is simply amazing, Dino's, Building, crafting and exploring. it is just really amazing. vanilla is a lot of fun, but if u want 2 have even more fun u need 2 install mods. i have like 100 GB worth of mods on my drive xD
I love this game :D so much fun. It was a bit difficult to learn in the start, but when I learned it it became my favourite game of all time!  ~ Sunny
with the right mods you can turn singleplayer into a fun house dont have to worry about all the meshers and whatever on the official servers
Ark is an amazing game Ive played for a long time and every time i pick this game back up I have a blast with my friends. Finding a good server and good admin can be a struggle but once you do its easy to build up, tame , and raid people. If you are thinking of getting ark DO IT! its so worth it!
Very fun game though with new update im guessing came a but i cant logg into my little groups server. plz fix for us so we can enjoy ark again
+ Great value for money, contains a large amount of content . Features beautiful graphics with an iconic soundtrack.  Colossal amount of servers and mod support available.   - Some gameplay mechanics feel a little dated. Performance issues in certain areas. Decent amount of bugs.
Too complicated for beginners
Great Game, Recommend to anyone!
ARK Evolved is a fun game i realy liked it and i do recommend it. The community is great and everyone is realy friendly 10/10 in my book.
To be fair, the technical aspects of ARK leave much to be desired. BUT, If you are willing to look past that, you'll find a game that is well designed in both survival and pve aspects. Dinos and other tames are well designed to have unique and fun purposes, as well as varied experiences as far as I've seen. I've had many hours of fun and engagement on singleplayer servers, and can only imagine that a multiplayer experience with friends would be more engaging. Simply put, I got to ride a T-Rex into battle while fireing a full-auto rifle, and I got a kick out of it!
Awesome game. Gives me the cweeps
lol xp
Ther´s no game that makes more fun and has more content and bugs to offer.
Loved It
Ark is a great game, and could be even greater. The game has plenty of problems when it comes to bugs like meshing. Meshing is when a player goes under the map to raid a base, and doesn't get shot by turrets. Meshing is a terrible problem for 3 years, and the devs don't  seem to care. I'm only giving a thumbs up because the game itself is fun but the makers are lazy, and community is harsh.
i love dion and the too much survival of this game it look good and feel good yes your average fps 50 with gtx 2070 im not saying that the game is bad. but if you like rust or (The forest. game) you'll like this
the game runs perfectly on a mid ranged gaming pc love the graffics and love the game   ps: would reccomend
PVE players! Rent or make a server, bring your friends! Enjoy
This game is very fun
The best survival game ever
Only upgrade movement speed and stamina
So recently my account got hack, long story short. I re reviewing this game again.   Got this game at an early access, so it was real cheap btw. Dodo passing by, kill it. gain xp. leveling up. get kill by a raptor. kill more dodo for xp. This game requires lots of grinding unless its unofficial server plus mods are fun asfk.  Got bored and decided to play some unofficial server. Met a friend name pab who later change it to Rosso. He and I took down dinosaur 10 times our sides. from PvP to PvE. He tame. Destroy dinosaur and online player. Then the game begin to update, lots of requirement for this game to play. My PC need to be upgraded. Until extinction dlc came. Rip PC.  I bought the ps4 version, and I enjoyed it, but its not the same.  If Pab, Rosso, or whatever your new name is, add me as a friend. 
nice game
When you listen to the community you get a good review from me.   Also thanks for removing the ban on H.O.D. <3
Where do I begin?   The big question that is on your mind, IS THIS GAME WORTH 60$.... For the longest time I said hell no, there is no way. However, after playing it when it was FTP , I said HELL YES it is! I played the game for a few hours and INSTANTLY fell in love with it. I bought the game for 20$ during the sale, but if it is back to 60$, to me, if I had the money for it, I would pay for it. BUT would also wait for a sale!    The concept of a survival game w/ dinos is AMAZING to me. The building mechanic is off the charts, the taming is "meh" but that doesn't change how much fun and hours I have put into the game since purchasing.  THEN, there is the workshop content. I have spent hours going thru all 100+ pages of mods and filtering out which ones work and stack, etc. Jurassic Park mod, Ultra stacks, LOTR, you name it.  Love survival games? Love dinosaurs? Love to build and have creativity? Then this is the game for you! Even if you don't have creativity, that's ok. I would still recommend this game to you!  20/5
If you're looking for a sandbox type game to play with friends, Ark is for you.
Just like fortnite kid. Ask mummy and daddy to buy it for you
yeeet
Pretty good wish there is more free dlcs
(Sorry if my spelling is scheße) ARK is a very well made game. There is some stupid logic with crafting a lot but still very enjoyable. The game has a huge veriety of creatures to tame and ride. I only recomend if you love dinosaurs and scheße and can deal with some bull sh*t. There are some glitches, I don't experience em as much as people say they get them. I still say its a good game but could use a bit of sweakes.
Ark doesnt show any severs and says "no sessions found!" AND i CANT PLAY THE GAME. Wildcard please fix this bug.
Well ARK developers, FIX  YOUR  GAME !!  
Good game all around but it takes up to much memory
a
Thank god S+ is in the game 
PvP: completely broken boring and bs  PvE: actually quiet fun with friends
Game is great, that's all I gotta say. There are some issues but that's because it's such a big game. It's all you would ever want I a survival game. It's got hundreds of Dino's and items. Personally I like to play with friends on servers especially PvP. It makes the game a whole lot better when you play online. Overall this game is amazing and anyone looking for a survival game should pick this game before any other.
This is an amazing, fun game to play with some friends. It does however take up allot of space on my pc and crashes without reason. These are the only main problems I found.
I really like this game and have been playing on and off for years. My biggest problem with the game is the dinos can go through walls. You can build a wall to protect your dinos and a carnivore comes by and starts biting the wall and will damage your dinos through the wall. This problem has always been there and doesn't seem to change. I personally only play on modded servers because you really have to play with other people on a regular server. They do offer 1st or 3rd person view and a single player mode. Most of the people in game on official servers are pretty nice and might even be willing to help. However, I've also had people aggro a dino and run to my house so it gets destroyed. The biggest problem on official servers is that people will place posts so you can't build and you can run really far and still not be able to find a place to build. Official servers still have issues with lag and rubber banding, and it always happens at the worst time. Overall, it is a fun game and it's nice to see them incorporating mods into the game. There is a mod for an auction house and would love them to put that in official servers. The modding community is awesome and always coming out with really great stuff.
Great Game. You play it for 20 minutes. Wait that was 6 hours?  Its a great game. The Pvp was great I played on boosted servers because I had little time but I still enjoyed every bit of the game. Except falling asleep and forgetting to log off. Waking up dead and losing all my gear..
I have played this game for less than 10 hours and I like it. There are so many possibilities and stuff to do around. I havent played multiplayer, but so far im loving singleplayer. Would recommend!
One of the best games to play with your friends.
I love this game, it's even more than I expected, I mean, more is better than not enough, right? I had to have a very beefy computer to place this game of such, but in my opinion it's great. If you're reading this and don't have a beefy PC, then this game will lag like no tomorrow. But it's just fine for me!
I think that if you are looking for an amazing survival game,this is it. I started playing it in July of 2018 and now have over 1,500 hours into the game. There is just so much to do between exploring,taming,building. The fact that there  is no story line makes it feel more open to explore and having big bosses at the end to defeat, makes it feel like you really accomplished something. Anyway, such a great freaking game. 
Really fun but some glitches
Lit af
I like the game, even with my limited play time on here. But the only reason I got it is to play with my friends and I just learned that I can't play with my Xbox friends through the steam app. Other than that I enjoy the game. I just wish they would allow us to play with others on the Xbox platform.
Good graphics can be hot can be not
I feel after playing for 5192 hours (main account) it's finally time to write about how I have found Ark and am finally leaving the cycle of Wildcard. Along with 2 alt accounts for different purposes (different tribes) with all DLC my overall Ark time comes closer to 9.4k, I have definitely enjoyed my time with this game in the past and only around 3000 hours did we become multi-server powerful.  I first found Ark at a low significantly lower price by the end of August 2015 I loved learning about all sorts of dinosaurs, taming a Phiomia and Parasaur after a 12+ hour long binge on my first day of just exploring. On my home of legacy server 8 I joined a wonderful tribe of people called Pepperidge Farms interacting with them made every day much more enjoyable; even without a microphone of my own these people made me happy. As new biomes and maps appeared, we all loved regular changes to the game like the Quetzal and (my favourite) the rafts, allowing freedom to sail the coastline and help new players gear up took 2 hours of my time in some cases. Over the years the game has been fun and provided lots of challenge with (often repetitive) content (I assume 1.2k of my hours are baby raising or afk cooking). I managed to join my current tribe in December 2017, and we would have great fun taming, fighting or chatting. Together we learnt all kinds of tips that nobody else seemed to know, the game can have hidden interactions with the large number of creatures and structures (not always positive). My biggest issues with Ark would be exploiting or the eventual boredom we all eventually reach (whether 2k hours or 9k+ as one member had). In March 2018 a large base of ours was fully destroyed over the course of 17 hours as a method to stop turrets from firing (still functioning to this day after submitted video steps with over 5k views) was used; along with restarting the server if we ever killed players that never missed headshot locations even if you are hidden behind solid walls. And even more difficult or impossible to defend methods that other megatribe players manage to do that have existed since 2015 in some cases (after downloading a copy to verify). Things like this are a fact of life for all larger tribes, other members of ours also submitted ways to go under the map that have no clear knowledge online (a certain on-interactable furniture that holds items). These issues from players are only a problem for larger tribes such as us at that time and so smaller tribes (16 and lower) will likely just be raided using fair means. Onto boredom of Ark, I have taken some breaks every few months and each time returned to the game ready to re-connect with the tribe that fortunately never removed me for taking month relaxing breaks solo on different servers sometimes (vs daily grind for the greater good of the tribe). Over time in Ark I have created over 14 level 105 characters for every single stat build (and more higher levels), tamed every normally tameable creature and spent only ~3 of my hours on PvE to see if the regularly posted complaints on those were true. With several thousands of eggs to tame any creature and boxes of every resource on official PvP; blueprints and gear with 298% damage and similar... I ran out of things to do by January 15th, 2019. Revenge on enemy tribes of all sizes got us to work together and wipe many over a year ago; but for a long time there hasn't been an opponent that could have gear that most of us care for anymore, I have no further reason to keep creatures as I stored the eggs to last excessive taming over several months just as my personal tribe stash. My farming knowledge created crop plots stacked beyond amounts that most plot farmers think is possible ingame (32+ small plots in one foundation vs what most players think is 4 or cleverly 12).  Issues like storing bodies of loot inside of lava, permanent breathing underwater, swamp fever benefits (double oxygen duration, halved food/water consumption being removed if you teleport with a bed) and exploits with furniture that let you go underneath any base or viewing invisible water (still possible); these will never be fixed. I know most of our tribe tried but these and over 20 much more serious (item duping, characters) and above exploits will always allow a certain Hot Leafy Beverage (TEA) and (B)ad (L)arge (D)upers (X)traordinaire tribe to always get ahead; where 23 of your members are (only headshots) rapidly headshot by the same player with no miss (though things like this are of no concern to the small or medium sized or single server tribes of Ark). Ask our tribe for aid if you ever meet them, they are 47 (43 active / 4 alts) members allied with the Nomad Souls Alliance and would gladly give the weaker tribes a couple of turret and varied kibbles and blueprints. 
played so far 1225 hours , ......... so this should say it all , have i got my moneys worth ? haha , of course  i see some negative feedbacks with players over 1000 hours , ,,,,, how can it be a bad game  i still have so much to play and do on it as well ,,  only thing i recommend is server wipes so newbies can join in , not find a whole map taken over , this just might be me not finding when servers are wiped , no idea , tell us more when new servers start awesome game , taken too much of my life , it will take more  really enjoyed living in this world out of reality
Wonderful game with tons of great memories! ...and not so great ones.
Banter init.
This game is simply great,  Beautiful Graphics, An ok progression system, Multiple maps with a variety of bosses, Tons of different dinos to tame, Sliders to have "fun" with your character, Each level you can bump a stat of your choice which adds to customization,  It's easy for me to see how people have put multiple thousands of hours into this game, but do be warned as the game is still hard to run even after a couple of optimization patches,  I recommend that you wait until a sale to buy that game and it's dlc as it goes on sale almost every time, and if you do buy the game I can highly recommend going in blind for 2-3  hours and then watching youtube so that you get a taste for it before mass learning everything you can about it.  also screw the redwoods.
Its good
Awesome Game. I play with friends and its a lot of fun for all three of us. Altough we did buy a private server since we were told the most servers are pretty bad =(  I love the dynamics and the leveling system of the game. And honsetly you can have a lot of fun just naming dinos. The multiplayer makes the game really wort buying because it makes an awesome game even better.
I don't think this game is fair MaI am the original server island 6 service I am the original server island 6 service My home is in the ice cave of the mighty artifact But it was destroyed by a group of people using bug cards underground. I think this is very unfair No defense is bug's opponent. I hope that some administrators can see my article and help me set back the server for 2 days. Thank you! 
So here's the thing about Ark... It's an 'all-or-nothing' game.  What do I mean? Well, you'll play hardcore for a few weeks, maybe even a few months. Then you'll walk away, and not think about it for a few months. Then you'll remember it, and be like, "Oh yeah... Hey, I wonder what happened to all my cute little pets?"  It can be grindy, no doubt, especially when you die for the seventh time trying to tame that stupid Argy that you need to get up to the mountains. When you wander down to the beach for a quick drink of water, and get attacked by a pack of raptors.  And a lot of this game is absolutely luck; you can have great weapons, great gear, and great dinos with you... if you're not paying attention, and you wander somewhere you shouldn't, or you realize three seconds into that fight that, "Oh crap, I left my Rex on passive!" you're going to rage out for the few seconds it takes you to die. And that's the thing about Ark: it's a lot of luck, most of it bad, that determines whether or not you live or die, whether or not you lose everything you've spent the past two weeks trying to build. I'm pretty laid back, and this game makes me rage quit often.  But I keep going back to it. Keep trying new base designs in new locations with new mats. Find that one dino that I get attached to, and take it everywhere. Breed more, trying to get the color scheme I want.  Is it glitchy? Sure, like any massive open world survival game, it's got a lot of glitches. Is it impossible to play on anything that costs less than a grand? Yup.  But it's a good game regardless. It's fun to play, beautiful graphics, with a cool 'builder' addition to it. If you have a computer that will handle it... give it a go.
Love this game, it is very realistic. I would recommend a good computer because you need a decent computer for this game. I've played this game the most out of all my steam games and would say to anyone that they should play it.
Yeet
love this game!
The realism and the endlessnes to the game is amazing
great game especially good if you have friends. or if you are a failure with no friends like me. great game overall
10/10
TLDR:  If you like minecraft-ish builder / survival games you will like Ark.  There is a ton to see, explore, build, and content to defeat for many hours of gameplay.  I recommend buying it during random sales as I did as it is definitely worth $20.  I like builder survival games like minecraft with a bit more flavor.  Minecraft does not tickle my pickle as I find the graphics not to my liking (I understand that it is a choice on their part, but is one I do not enjoy), and I find that the content is also lacking.  I have very much enjoyed Conan Exiles, and Ark which are similar in that they are survival games where building is integral to progression.  I like the graphics of Conan Exiles better, but pretty much everything else I prefer Ark.  The mechanics in Ark are very challenging, but not insurmountable.  The mount system is deep, engaging, and there was obviously a lot of work & thought put into each dinosaur's unique attributes / skills.  The map is large enough to allow for space between players, but not so big as to be cumbersome (like Eve or Red Dead).  PvE rewards good tactics / teamwork, buuuuuuut PVP can be a little janky with hit registry being hard to manage at times.  My biggest critique is that the game is only moderately stable.  Every third play session I crash out (which in this style of game can REALLY hurt), and every time I log in it takes multiple attempts (time outs, crashes, or the game not even registering the server is available even when it is).  Overall a solid buy especially if it is on sale.
I feel like I could live on Ark ! I really like the game and even if I need breaks sometimes I'll always come back to it !
Great game gave over 550 hours. only bad things try to somewhat improve the way the graphics work and meshing.
it not bad
Good game that is fun to play with friends.
IT IS THE BEST GET IT NOW AND BUILD WITH YOUR FRIENDS!
ark is the only game to release random updates, but tell you nothing about what the fuck they are doing.  if your gonna tell me chekc their website.  well ok, ill google it.
Where to start..... I had bought this game (in beta so basically free) early on and it was a game that gave you both a survival feeling while also being a building game where I could set up where and when i want. The fact that its a game that has dinos is F+++ing amazing. A mix of the modern world(actually more advanced) with the prehistoric is what I was waiting for. Although I left the game after so many hours playing when it first came out, I had recently come back and have to say i am happy. Developers knew we as a fan base wanted a more in depth experience and dam they gave it to us. Anyone looking for a game that has single player and multiplayer that are both just  as good this is it!!! i would recomend this to anyone and everyone as i have gone from the start to now and there is always something new and exciting coming from the awesome developers. I love this game and I assure you...you will too!!!
i love this game!!!! out of all of the games i own and have played it probably will always remain one of my favorites.
Was not sure if I would like a Survival game, but man am I glad I got this game. Been loving it so far. Find a good group of people to play with...makes it more fun.
muito bom, mas depois que tu descobre o jogo fica chato jogar sozinho
This game is very fun, but it needs some SERIOUS optimization work. It's very laggy, and VERY taxing on your rig.
Game Is The Best
HAUGH!
good game
I would only play this on PC and get ready to learn some commands to save frustration. But a lot of complaints about this game are salved with Mods, commands, and tailoring the game from the slider menu. Thats not the way a game should work, yes, but its still loads of fun and I have fun playing by myself. But I couldn't imagine playing with others, not with as toxic as this community is. So if everything you have ever heard about this game scares you off, but your waiting for the day its fixed, then make the plunge and get it on supper sale. Everything bad you ever heard is true, but fixed with mods and commands is fixable. Its good, its fun, and its a hard game when its not cheating.
its a fun survival game and i am glad its on mobile to you should get it
fuck you        Okay now that I'm not mad anymore this game is actually pretty fun
i would recommend this game because its fun and stuff. but there is alot of bugs that need to be fixed for this game to even be worth the 50 it is. this game should be like 30 instead of 50. only buy this game on sales. the newer rtx and 1660 ti and older cards still have crashing problems due to poor drivers. i have a 2070 and i only crash on the island map but any other map i have no problem its a weird bug that could be fixed either a game update or a driver update. but we pray and hope ark will bless us with that fix but 3 years no fix has been made. RIP
[h1]♥ ♥ ♥ ♡ ♡[/h1]  ♥ You are free to go anywhere you want in a sprawling, beautiful world and set your own pace.  ♥ There are a wide variety of prehistoric and fantastic creatures to tame and rely on for protection.  ♥ Most aspects of the game can be customized to the player's preference using a multitude of settings.  ♡ The game can crash from time to time, requiring the player to run a file integrity check.  ♡ Playability relies so heavily on mods that the core game feels incomplete and hollow without them.  ↪ Play this game either alone or in private with friends only.
I'd wait for a sale they come quite often.
Good geam.
Really fun game! I play it in Singleplayer and Multiplayer a lot. Really fun to play with friends. ARK is very CPU and GPU intensive, even with my PC which is not top a tier gaming PC, but close to it. This game will get you hooked for hours on end. I do recommend this game but be aware of bugs and glitches. I have had many in the time I have been playing ARK and they can be very frustrating. I have had the game crash a few times without warning. The bugs can be very annoying and I usually restart the save to fix the problem or restart the game. Game is somewhat broken. I still enjoy it nonetheless and recommend this game if you are willing to be able to deal with a bug every once in a while. I think the fun and ability to play with friends and have a game that can run decently outweighs the issues with it. But that's just me.
playing single player very hard game where you will die a lot there is loads to do gorgeous world with detailed biomes there are some bugs but overall loving this game
I wasn't going to review this game because i dont review much but i have to give them the credit they deserve as i highly recommend.  1st I got this game in early 2015 when it was in alpha i played it for free with a pirate but i loved the game after many hours of single player i bought the game in November 2015 and started playing, i ran the game on a average pc not amazing but not bad, and i managed but it wasn't smooth. I always loved the game play of crafting and surviving and i loved how it was difficult but if you had played for a long time and had a lot of knowledge of the game you could get very good, but always was fun. The graphics are beautiful, taming dinos for 8 hours straight was a lot of fun, remember i played almost all single player during my pc playing time, so since i loved the game so much, in 2016 i bought the game on ps4 which was 100% worth it, as it was on pc. I played the game on ps4 probably double the hours i got on pc and i loved it, i haden't played the game for a long time when i bought it on ps4 so it was a whole new experience discovering the new dinos and items as well as maps. I played much single player, pvp servers some, and some pve as well. And a huge amount on my buddies dedicated server, sure the game ain't perfect like any game but its not broken by all means though some people say it is. Its a great game, and i highly highly recommend it, Thanks for making the game Wildcard i really loved it and i will remember it.
After playing ARK for 200+ hours I feel I can finally give it the review it deserves.  If  you like a challenging survival game.  This is for you. "Official Vanilla Servers" tend to be very grindy and laden with people who will grief and try to annoy so #1 I recommend to find a good un-official server.    The graphics in ark can be stunning provided you have a decent rig.  This game is best played with friends, though if you like solo the single player can be fun as well.  The idea is to evolve from the stone age to the level of high tech.  You tame different beasts to serve a specific purpose.  The beasts (dinosaurs and other animals) serve as tools to simplify and expedite tasks.  The build is so so but is best experienced with a mod called S+.  If you liked Conan Exiles you will like ark.  The combat is much more fluid, though from time to time you can hit creatures with arrows and they do not register.  Take your time to learn whistle commands for your tamed creatures as this will aid in your survival.  Conquer the Obelisk guardians and transfer your character to the next Ark.  I recommend this game for anyone who likes a good survival game, building, and achieving.
gaem good
great game!  
Love this game, you can easily sink hours into it.
great game, graphics, content and mods (sounds and UI is all sci-fi looking? that's the only weird thing I've found)
The quickbar and whistle hotkeys are a bit awkward, and the learning curve for first-time players can be pretty steep, but I would hands-down recommend this game to anyone.
This game is beautiful and super fun. It's a very minecraft like experience, wherein, no one tells you what to do. You're dropped in presumably to punch trees and fire a semi auto on the back of a stegosaurus, but you're not given a tutorial. There is a very unhelpful guide on the main menu. Getting the hang of things takes a couple hours and a dozen open wiki tabs. I highly recommend.
I like the armadillo lookin' dinosaur, he makes me smile :D
To begin, I am a very big fan of this concept and have been following the development of this game since before it broke from pre-release and was only purchasable on steam. It was cute, it was big, and boy did it actually have a surprisingly interesting 'story' to stumble upon. The idea of taming dinosaurs and using them not only as pets but tools to help tame the land more in your favor was great. But sadly it is one of those kind of games that forces you to get interactive with the players of the server, else you risk missing out on a large; and let me put some UMPH  on LARGE; part of the game. Not to say you can't find fun playing on your own but I personally found that even meeting a random person and bringing them into your tribe for even a few days could bring a lot of help and twists on your game play. My personal first time run involved recruiting a fellow noob into my 2 story home. In which he proceeded to leave the tribe and beat me to death. Only to arrive to find my home ransacked. After that I was sufficiently janked enough to go about threatening any person who came near my land. It was great when 2 people tried to start up trouble and I proceeded to knock them out with a sling shot and drugged them both with narcotics. Then I proceeded to build 2 wooden rooms over water, stripping them both down and removing their weapons I left them both, tormenting them by dropping dino dung down into their wooden pens. Quite the eventful story, yea? Well let me tell you in the time i have logged in this game even on your own or on a server you control and run alone with your girlfriend. It is a very grand game with a whole bunch to explore and tame and kill. If you can find a group of like minded people who wont kill you on sight online, you might even be able to experience a big tribe battle that could span the whole server. Pretty cool stuff, Ark. I recommend it and gotta give it a good 9/10. Biggest thing I hate is the big downloads that are always coming out but that is more of a personal problem then anything ;3. Love this game yall, I do!
Love this game too much! Offers SOOOO many hrs of gameplay that you wouldn't have to spend money for another 2 years! (on games) With mods and custom maps, it adds more depth and EVEN MORE HOURS. Best of all, do it all with a friend, mod or not. Dinosaur taming, farming, advanced base building (especially with mods), health, hunger, thirst, and temperature are on point.
This game... This game... No idea where to start, very modded PvP servers are best with close friends you want to mess around with while you learn the game. Modded servers are probably the best overall as they oftentimes will wipe and give everyone a fresh start instead of alpha tribes being the the best until another alpha tribe comes and raids them. The devs for this game put very minimal effort in and this game had lots of wasted potential. This game was at its peak when the new maps came out. Nobody knows what to do or where to go and everyone ran around trying to figure it out. Overall, not a bad game in and of itself, but i suggest not playing more than 2 hours so you can refund it. I only recommend this game to people who have weeks to waste on an unrewarding game because, in the end, we're all going to get raided in our sleep.
This is not really my type of game. The only reason i have played it is because of my friends told me to play with them.   What i have seen so far of this game it got a lot of content and a lot of different dinosaurs in it and different colors and etc. I think this has something to do with them being rare or that you have something to do in this game. Like collect dinosaurs. And maybe they are stronger or more health. I don't really know how it works. But for me it seems like a waste of my time to collect different type of dinosaurs. And building a base and stuff reminds me of Rust. I don't really like games that is like this. They are not my style of game.   In the time I played i got a lot of things with my friends and we had fun of course. But i would have rather spend this time playing something else. It really didn't get to me that much this game. I would say this game is worth around 15-20€ what i would pay for it. Very repetitive with the gameplay. Same things happening all the time and need to do the same things over and over.  It's a good game. Can't say no if someone would wanna give it a try. But i didn't like it that much.
Great game.  Seriously like infinite content! Loving every minute of it, and I have never played a game where my heart was broken because my dinosaur died. Or I accidentally drove two manta rays onto land and they died in seconds. Still mourning "Forest" who passed away yesterday in a freak beaching accident.. anyways, amazing game.
Recommend
The best game ever!
The most frustrating game i've ever enjoyed. If you don't have a beast of a computer be prepared to never go above 30 fps.
Finally got back into this after a year-long hiatus, and I'm so glad I did. Great fun with friends and seemingly endless things to do.
Great game not sure its worth the regular price. Id wait for the sale
Really love this game but dosen't  let me go in any servers it says server timed out every time and downloads so much mods everytime in every server.
I love it
Looks nice, plays nice, you will love it.
Fun game
I Have been playing since the beginning on XBOX and PC, and must say even with it's server issues and the 3 great migrations we were put through, it is still a marvel of what a massive game it is. You can pretty much do anything you want to do as well as build anywhere anytime any size base you can imagine. The taming of the creatures never makes you feel like you are alone. There is true time spent nurturing and raising them to the point you care for their safety. A behemoth undertaking if you ask me, and still they are able to pull it off.  On some maps, you have oceans, skies and earth cores that are running at the same time all in real time...A must have in your library to blow thousands of hours into...
One of the best games ever made.  So many aspects to the game whether you like building, hunting, taming creatures, growing food and crafting, or breeding animals, it has something for just about everyone.  Ive played this game on and on for 3-4 years and there is always new content and maps.  It never gets old.
its pretty good
almost 3k hours and i love it.
 I had this game on xbox for about 2 years before i got a pc. The barrier and building made the game not that enjoyable on the consoles but once I switched to pc, everything got way better. I was able to build with mods and remove the barrier nearly entirely. The game is great for the short time i have played it so far!
Best game ever! 
Good game if you're going to play with friends otherwise its probably not something you should get
i play in  EU-PVP-NOTEK-RAGNAROK-CROSSARK6 AND THE GAME BUGED AND I LOST ALL MY THINGS.WHAT CAN I DO??
I choose to recommend the game, because all in all it's a great game with lots of content. HOWEVER there are some pretty annoying bugs/glitches that have been a pretty big issue for me while playing the game. Firstly, my friends had trouble finding/connecting to my non-dedicated server. It works "alright" now, but we went through a lot of struggle in the beginning where i had to invite them over and over. Secondly, dinosaurs often glitch through rocks and such and also get stuck all the time. Thirdly, babies refuse to eat food, even though their inventory is full of food, causing them to starve. I really hope these issues will be fixed eventually, until then everyone be careful while raising babies especially! (I found the best solution is to change the settings so my dinos get hungry slower)
a7bk  
Super fun and entertaining, only problem I have with it is that I keep having a UE4 engine crash error that doesn't have a solution. Other than that I would recommend this game to everyone, a lot of things to do and you won't even feel the time passing. I have lost track of time so many times while playing this. Almost every Dino is tame able which is pretty nice. The game is even better with friends to speed up the grinding which is also pretty fun as it doesn't feel like a chore to upgrade your base from wood to stone etc. Another problem with it is the optimization which is rather problematic for many people. The rating I would give is [h1] 8/10[/h1]
Really a good game that gives you so many endless options to make. really enjoy it 10/10
Good game
Best game ever
I enjoyed this game enough to get it on Playstation as well as Steam, so there's that! It's great to play with friends, especially when you customise your settings and don't take it super seriously.  However- I've been playing this game since the year it came out (mostly on my brother's account because his computer beefier than mine) and I've got a few issues with the way the developer handles bug fixes. IMO they should focus on working out the bugs BEFORE adding in new features related to the objects that are bugged. It just makes more work that's harder to fix in the end and more frustrating for the players who are trying to play the game seriously.  But other than that I genuinely love the game and recommend it. Edit your stats so you get max speed on a level and then launch yourself forward like a madman. Multiplayer with max attack and chase each other around and attempt to 1 hit KO each other in a game of angry tag. Tame a flying dino and fly into a wall. Fist-fight sharks. Have a crazy time!  The graphics are nice, I love the variety in dinos, and the expansions I've played are great!
love this game
It is a fun game
fun very fun
Pretty dang nice  
my god damn griffon died so i quit the fucking game!
Through thick and thin  7,153 hours in and I am still playing.  This game is harsh at times. Very frustrating at times. Lags really bad at times.  But looking back at it. It has been worse.  I still remember the first few days when it was hard to even move because of game lag. Now most lag is from people who are too lazy to work for what they want so they try to cheat. Thankfully they are trying to do something about cheaters now so I recommend, if you see/hear something. Report it.  It is a very time consuming game. And I mean VERY time consuming. But you dont have to do everything by your self. You can join a tribe or even make a tribe. You can play in single player and up the rates or even spawn stuff in very easely in creative mode. So if its too hard, ask your self who is making it hard for you.  Well worth a thought.  I hope you try this game out for what it is. And try different ways to achieve your goals. Official is pretty hardcore and very time consuming so think about that before you go there. But there are options.  I have and will continue to enjoy this game for many more hours. Current price may seem like a high price but split that with the amount of game time you put in to it and it is a minimal amount. For me it has been and still is more then worth it with all DLC.  Play, Enjoy, Make friends
ok now that adventure is horri- AMAZING!!!! :D (sry that was my lil bro)
This game is extremely underrated. You can never balance a multiplayer game like this but to play with friends is beyond words.
Fun/addictive game play taming/riding dinos, building, & crafting are the best things as long as taming/gathering is x5+ Rust style I would say were you gather, build, loot, raid but much more easier to do all thoughs things imo I dont like the offline raiding    
after my 1000 hours I have 1000 hours on xbox and for some reason had this game in my library, since I have a better pc now, lets get to it this game was too fun, the alpha clan shit, all that, I fucking love it, I love getting my ass kicked and restarting, I know, Im weird, most people hate this, but, I want to share my first multiplayer experience wake up got a few levels got a boat made boat base made basic stuff leveled up some more got butt touched by alpha clan with their ascendant everything *repeat* I do like the unofficial, but the official was always my favorite, especially when I would take out an alpha clan, which seems impossible, but I have done it three times I know this game seems like a shit storm of alpha clans on official, too easy or too many rules unofficials, too many bug, but its fuckin great, IF you have a second life Enjoy
this is one of the best survival PvP games I've ever played and to me the best part of the game is getting attached to a really nice high level dinosaur (lvl:284 Giga named Shelby) and then getting raided by another tribe and losing all your hard worked for loot and your precious Shelby:(
It's a good game, stunning graphics if you have a strong enough PC. I heard multiplayer is bad but I've never tried it. I wouldn't pay full price for this game, I'd wait for a sale (I waited for a sale and don't regret it much)
I bought this game as early access and it was worth it. I loved this game and i still do. Its price is a little bit high for such and old game but its a good buy. If you can understand that sometimes your gonna die and lose all of the items you've gained then its a good game for you. And yes, i know i'm not one of those players with 5k hours or anything but i still think my opinion counts. I highly recommend this game to anyone who's willing to buy it.
fun
I love this game
bit shit but i like the dinosaurs
I think overall the game is very beautiful, the graphics are pretty amazing I think! The dino's and creatures are great and most people are friendly and easy to get along with and learn from. Would definitely recommend :)
Quality game
Fix meshing please.. then this game will be playable on official servers..
This game is pretty fun. The building and taming aspects are very fun and it is a great way to waste a few hours.
Great game
This is a very specific game. In short -  this game is for some grindy, time consuming Coop PVP fun with Dinosaurs. This game is not for everybody. Think twice and find as much information about the gameplay as possible, especially the cons. If you gonna buy it without checking the key info, or if you don't like RUST-like games in general - you will be disappointed AND lose some money! Here's some things you should know before trying ARK:    1) If you wanna buy this game without a  %SALE%  discount - DON'T BUY IT!  2) You must go online at least once a week, even on PVE servers, otherwise your dinos will starve. Yes, they are not permament in general sort of way. If you are not accepting this - DON'T BUY IT!  3) PVE is disappointing. Even though PVE is pleasant via Dino Park you can create, every time you will be online - you will look at your dinos that will just stay at your base waiting for nothing for an eternity while your dino park increases, and so the resources you have to farm to just keep your park going. And if you will go for a big break and abandon your server for a week - say bye bye to your Dream Park. Cute, but spoils faster than Raw Prime Meat. If you are not accepting this or just wanna try anyway - DON'T BUY IT!  4) The grind. When you die - you lose all your inventory. When you've been raided - you lose all your items and dinos, that you love so much. The amount of resources and time that you need to gain some things/dinos (or both) can be insane. Example - Taming Rex lvl30 (out of 150) with Raw Meat will take you 2h40m. And it's far from the toughest tame. If you are not prepared to farm for hours, especially if you are not ready to lost EVERYTHING - DON'T BUY IT!  5) Optimisation. If you have GTX1050Ti and a patience to Every-10-mins-freezes so the server can save all the progress - you will probably be fine. If you have a pretty weak PC or bad nerves - DON'T BUY IT!   If you are ready for a pure savagery that is ARK - GET READY TO KILL AND HAVE FUN!
I can be a bit slow at times and requires a lot of disk space but overall this is a very fun games. It has dinosaurs for crying out loud, that you can HAVE as PETS! How can you NOT like it?
This is the best game I’ve played in a long time. Only 30 hours at the moment but that’s 30 hours of zero boredom and just fun, when a developer can do that it’s a good game...      10/10 would recommend
It's ok I guess
Its a good game, efforts by the developers have been increased allot. They are really trying to fix all the bugs and balance the game the best they can now. I have personally played on an official server, not gonna lie, it took a bit of time. This was after i played a non dedicated server with my friend for like 50 hours or more. We got to the high levels of 80 and 90. We knew how to play the game by then. We tried an official server for the first time and it was hard, people would come and kill you for no reason, but once u get the hang of it. It gets better. We played over 60 hours on an official server and everytime we log off something would happen to us, our dinos or our base. its the game i get it, and its enjoyable. If your not willing to grind out a bit and play long hours, then you wont like the game. I can say that i will keep playing and will continue my unofficial server which i started after we lost everything in that official server. Its really fun still and i would recommend it! I play this game on my main steam account which has 100 hrs on this game ontop of the how many hrs i played on this account.
Loving every minute of this game. It has so much , it's gigantic not enough time in the day haha.  Purchased the Core game when it was on sale. and played it for the last 2 days, then I bought the season pass cause I'm hooked. This is my WOW killer. :) <3
I love this game,But the game is better with friend's
Man, what can i say? Just spend your money, buy this game. What you waiting for, go.
Love the game and its bugs
60$ game btw
I got this back during early release and while optimization is still pretty meh the fun is still there.  I've played over 600 hours (here and there as it is not my main game by any means) mostly with friends on a non dedicated host using my own machine (which sucks due to the tether and dinos not wanting to spawn in caves until you've been there and you need a good chunk of memory especially if you consider adding mods and there are WYVERNS EVERYWHERE OH GOD) and have recently gone and gotten a server host for a private server and have had even more of a blast (with less of those darn wyverns).  Still get game crashes here and there and it can get a bit scary if you're in a dangerous spot (so be careful with huge builds since some computers scream in terror) but it's been a fun game overall.  I generally avoid public servers provided on games like these due to trolls, toxicity and my own non interest in pvp.  You can set your own game (single player or non dedicated host for fun with friends) to be pve only & friendly fire off (but you can still cackle while dragging your offline friend's body into a different area and trap them there soooo haha).  There's a lot of choice in changing settings for single-player/non dedicated or if you get your own server to make things easier or harder.  I'd say buy it on sale around $20-25 max since I've seen it go on sale plenty of times.  It takes up a LOT of space.  Sorry my review is a bit of a mess but hopefully it helps someone.
Amazing game i have over 500 hours on it and i still manage to find new things all the time! Would definatly recommend.
Amazing game however when i went to update it needed 104 GB of storage to update 
gay
I recommend this game because you can have a lot of fun and keep playing. You aren't getting bored too fast :D
really good game
Very well made and detailed game. I'd suggest playing singleplayer first.
The Extinction update broke Aberration. Don't bother unless you are a hacker
ark is an Amazing game, i very recommand it if u have friends that also play the game expecially if u like games that u can do literly Everything you wish for building taming pvp pve caves Minigames are possible two, you can explore over 4 maps with specialy stuff that are only at that map.  on top of that there is the primitive+ mode with basicly means no electricty and more of a challenge to the game. i've been playing this game for over a year and i gotta say, i didnt do even a quatre of the game every map and its own thing and hounestly, it might be the game that i ejoyed the most like literly, im posting that long of a post about a video game  so for the once who like survival and playing with friends, im super reccomanding this game.
This game is so much fun to explore with it's HUGE Open World maps. Sooooo much stuff to do with others or even just by yourself. You can change up a ton of settings for the game making it easier or more challenging to do things. Hard to get bored on ARK I highly recommend this game.
this is one of the best games ive ever played
This game is like a single abusive father.
Top game love it 👍
WEll, it´s a god damn Dinosaur game - what more do i need to say?  ...well...To be honest you have to have a good gaming PC to enjoy the full game and sometimes need to google for errors like hours - still worth it in my humble opinion
Five words to describe this game:  1. Addicting 2. Survival 3. Dinosaurs 4. Sandbox 5. Addicting  Pros: -Beautiful, breathtaking environments -You get to tame, own and ride dinosaurs -Extremely customizable -Tons of player added content -The ultimate gatherer game -Great player base and attitude -Just plain fun  Cons: -Takes over your life -Never see friends and family again
Great game, Chinese hackers ruin it, constantly.
(This review is done from a singleplayer standpoint) I play singleplayer 95% of the time because I don't like the demolish counter on official server. The game is not fun for beginners as you are clueless on what to do because of insufficient in-game guides. You need to read lots of wiki to know how to play. However, the game is fun mid to late game when you can build wooden structure and tame mid-size animals. The late game boss fight requires lots of high level tames and saddles, which farming becomes repetitive and boring sometimes. The game feels a incomplete because of the poor info text design and insufficient in-game help guides.  Pros: - High quality graphics - Rich contents, plenty to craft - Lots of species - Huge maps and intriguing terrains  Cons: - Huge learning curve for new player (insufficient in-game tutorial) - Insufficient safe zone (you keep dying on low level) - Rely heavily on out-game wiki (lack in-game info) - Info texts lacks design (e.g. just some ugly green texts when you level up) - Too much farming and repetitive late game to prepare for boss fight - Weak storyline.  I give it a 6/10.
Its pretty fun, but the community is a bunch of jerks on big servers. But its still really fun...
A good game to play with a large group.  Watch out for ankle bitters.
good
It’s a fun game but requires a good pc for good graphics
Pretty decent, runs much smoother then ps4 version. I like the fact you can zoom out to see your character on PC. minor issues with equipping weapon and hitting, my pc likes to unequip and requip the item randomly.  but all in all worth buying
Ark, a very diverse and complex survival sandbox game, Since day one I've been on a journey in this game always having to adapt to the different types of environment, from the snowy hills in the north to the jungles, red wood forest and swamp in the middle to tropical area's in the south. There is something to do for everyone in this game, may it be hunting on the dino's around you, build an epic fortress, think of anything and you can do it, in ark your creative mind is the limit!
I've just started. Playing the game but it looks good and looking into the dlc
So far its a lot of fun.
awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! de best 
10000/10 would buy again
wheres the download for homestead? been looking all over for it. 3/11/19
this game is good but is bad at the same time
Great game! 
It may be a rough start, but I find this game thoroughly enjoyable. I would recommend playing on unofficial servers just because Official can be a very lengthly start-up time and the the ping is usually pretty high due to Dino hoarding and certain people exploiting the dino limit and selling dinos for real money. The unofficial servers are mostly free of this vibe and are pretty chill if you find a good group of players to play with.
With 5 times more playtime in ark than my next most played game, I can tell you it is absolutely worth every penny. This game has enough content to keep you playing for years to come, and its no wonder after all the time and development that's gone into it. But the game isn't without its flaws.  Having played Ark since very early on in its development all the way to its full release, I can tell you that it has undergone serious changes over its lifetime. These changes are mostly for the better, but even the best of changes can anger the games community. Every balance patch has caused a huge uproar from the fans who hate change, and who should probably avoid playing games that are still in development. But in my opinion the developers have found a great balance for the creatures and weapons.  I started playing the game in singleplayer, which has its perks but can get lonely and repetitive without other players. This lead me to the public servers which were very toxic and difficult to get a foothold in without a surplus of time to invest in the game. Eventual I began playing on a private server with several friends, and this is where the game really began to shine for me. On this server we were all able to tame and build without worry about our creations being destroyed by other tribes, and most importantly we were able to modify the taming speeds and resource gathering rates, which is a very important modification to make if you have a life outside of the game and can't invest 5+ hours a day.  Overall I would recommend this game to anyone interested in survival games, but its important to remember that the official servers are nearly impossible for the casual player to enjoy, so my recommendation is that you find a private server to play on with friends unless your really willing to struggle with the online community and losing everything whenever you log off for the night.
can i buy it please
good game very much yes!
Excelent game. You will spend thousands of hours in there building your house, petting and breeding beautiful creatures, wandering through forests and underwater caves...  Can be frustrating in the first hour, when you get ganked by mobs, but once you have a safe-ish settlement it's much easier to retreive your equipment and all. The game will be challenging at times.  Always played on small servers with a bunch of friends, not sure how public servers play.
Ark is a very unique game, it's unlike anything i've ever played or been able to find, a lot of the bad reviews come from people who play on an official server, official servers are grindy toxic, and ruins the outlooks of a lot of people. But what this game can be when you're with a group of friends, the amount of play potential, it's amazing. there's a little something for a lot of different players, and the modding community does a fantastic job at making the game a game worth playing, and doing what wildcard can't seem to do. there are whole server communities out there that share the server costs through donations so it is relatively easy to find one that will be up for a very long time and well run servers have very little down time. Play the game on unofficial, if you value your time and want to enjoy yourself don't bother entering an official server. look for a good server advertised on one of the many websites out there, that's where you'll find a community worth playing with.
So... fühle mich auf Grund der vielen negativen Kritiken bemüßigt eine positive Kritik abzugeben... Meine Spielzeit ist mit 1360 Stunden recht umfangreich. Habe sowohl auf offiziellen Servern wie auch privaten und Singleplayer-Erfahrungen gemacht.   Official Servers Ja, die sind ein Krampf. Ewig langes Looten für eine kleine Hütte... zig Stunden zum Zähmen, dafür stirbt das gezähmte Vieh manchmal in Sekunden, besonders wenn man die NPC-Dinos unterschätzt.   Private Servers Das ist meiner Meinung nach die größte Stärke des Spiels. Hatte mittlerweile mehrere Server, die ich zum großen Teil auch betreut habe. (hatte vorher keine Servererfahrungen, für 10 Euro monatlich aber gute Anbieter und 10 Spielplätze bekommen) Alle Werte sind optimal konfigurierbar, man kann Tage nur mit dem Einstellen der Werte verbringen, überhaupt um einen ausbalancierten Server zu konfigurieren. Ist mit meist nicht gelungen, war für so manchen Mitstreiter dann zu einfach. Überhaupt wenn man dann mit den Dinos Holz und Stein gefarmt hat und dann noch die eine oder andere Mod installiert hat. (gibt hier zahlreiche Mods, die den Spielspaß vergrößern aber auch ruinieren können, da sie das Spiel zu einfach machen) Auch das Zähmen kann man hier auf Sekunden oder Minuten runterstellen.   Singleplayer Das selbe Prinzip wie private Servers. Alles feintunen zu können, hat mich begeistert, da ich mir meine eigene Schwierigkeitsstufe erstellen konnte. Man stirbt trotzdem oft.   Pros - Bauen bis zum umfallen - Dinos jagen oder zähmen bis man keine Lust mehr hat - mehrere Maps, mit unterschiedlichen Bossgegnern und unterschiedlichen Herausforderungen die benötigten Ressourcen zu bekommen - Multiplayer auf privaten Servern ist ein Riesenspass  Cons - Bossgegner sind im Singleplayer meiner Meinung nach kaum bewältigbar, v.a. ohne Mods - Offizielle Server sind mir zu mühsam was das Looten, Bauen und Zähmen betrifft  Trotz allem: Eines der besten Survivalspiele, wo es vielleicht nicht sonderlich schwer ist genug zu Essen zu finden, anders als bei The Forest (am Anfang) oder the long dark, aber die Ressourcenmenge und Unterschiede immer wieder reizen sich über die Sicherheitsgrenze der eigenen Mauer hinauszuwagen.   Hatte das Spiel auch in der Alpha und fand es nicht dramatisch, dass sie ein paid DLC in dieser Phase vorgestellt hatten, musste es ja schließlich nicht kaufen und habe jetzt am Ende auch ein Spiel (ohne DLCs) gefunden in dem ich über 1000 Stunden meines Lebens vergeudet habe. Bin mir nicht sicher, ob ich viele weitere Survivalspiele dieses Kalibers habe, obwohl ich die Bekanntesten (soweit mir bekannt) alle habe.   Und auch die DLCs finde ich recht gut gemacht, bis auf Scorched Earth, da ist mir die Map zu klein und für mich recht uninteressant gestaltet. Aber Aberration und Extinction sind auf jeden Fall ihr Geld wert.
Nice: Awesome health/metrics system Myriad of species! Pretty sweet crafting system Very nice pile of mods!  Downsides: HUGE Not enough priority fixes from development. Weird bugs, failing hatches when temperature reading doesn't match actual, graphical issues/flickering and some things that make it feel like this is not a product that's been released for ages now.
This game is fun you feel awesome later in the game and the modding community fixes some of the few issues I have with this game (Mainly how hard the HUD is to see) The weapons are satisfying to use. the combat is fluid. and the RPG elements well not amazing work and do what they're meant to do. the graphics are also pretty decent (besides the fact that I have to turn off bloom to even see anything while running towards the sun) my only complaint is how fast hunger and thirst run out.
So, the game is nice, but i have some issues=when i try to make my avatar or lookat it how it looks with armor, its black. I thing its because of be a dino mod. Second is that my cold bar dont go up or down, its just staying even i have campfire
Fun 
it good
This game is AWESOME!!! I Have it on PS4 and my Pc its a great survival game not only because there are dinosaurs but also the mechanics of the game are really cool and well made.I also love the mods that you can download.
This is the most addicting game I have ever played. Has fun endless exploring for single player and even pvp. For example I had an intense yet funny moment where I was walking near a cliff edge and a raptor spotted me and charged,  I ran to the side as it bolted towards me and somehow I managed to dodge and then it flew off the edge all the way down to the water below, it was a very high cliff. I looked over to see if it was alive and it was!. It was trying to swim to shore and all of a sudden a shark zoomed up and ate it....I started busting up laughing. As for the pvp I had an epic moment where I was flying on the back of my bird when another player swooped in fast and grabbed me off with his flying dino. I pulled out my spear and was just hitting every witch way I could, to my surprise the player died and the dino let me go and I started to free fall, but I used a parachute I always keep on my hotkey commands and I was able to glide back to my bird and mount it and not to mention a huge cat like thing jumped off a tree to get me as I was gliding but missed thank goodness, then I flew on my way unharmed. This all happened in mid air way up high with tall redwood trees all around. I remember thinking did that just happen and no one saw this but me?. Like I said it was epic and if you wish to get the same excitement and laughter and thrill I got, then I recommend you play this game. There is so much to do that will keep you busy for months. I just wish I can afford to buy all the expansions to get even more awesome adventures!.
My all-time favorite game. Here's why:  -PVP and PVE are so completely different it feels like 2 different games -Solid graphics make the vistas rather stunning and the experience more fulfilling -Riding dinos is rad, but there are several aspects that really make the game rich such as the taming, feeding, and utility -Variety is superior to other games, the 100+ different animals create a vibrant world, but the game design is very well done as each animal has a unique ability or trait that fulfills a specific role within the experience -RPG elements for leveling your character creates a fun personal character, even though the visual differences are primarily created by the gear you carry -An extensive crafting system without fluff, each piece has a purpose and usually multiple ways to use it. It may not be realistic to use a pick on a tree to get more thatch, or a hatchet on a rock to get more stone, but it is intelligently designed to make all things useful, and useful throughout your survival -Discovery and exploration makes this game incredible, as there are creatures to find, artifacts to discover, and a MASSIVE map to explore -Personal servers are easy to start and maintain, allowing you to change maps, save maps, and just experiment if you like -Incredible modding community, which makes sense since you can do SO much with this game -Even though it lacks a Quest system and a human NPC AI system (though these appear to be a part of ATLAS) I wouldn't doubt they may be introduced in the future if not already in a MOD -Air, land, and sea, there are so many ways to enjoy the maps, changing the experience considerably -With a private server you can hop on for 15 minutes to play since you can turn up the XP gain, harvest rate, and tame rate to make the gameplay sharp and fast. Or you can enjoy the long game and celebrate the first time you get a pike -Construction is fantastic, and even though there are moments you get frustrated because of a no-build zone or the snap points aren't behaving, the freedom permitted is better than anything. Terraria suffered from outmoded resources, being useless in certain stages, Factorio suffered from bland combat, as 2D combat can feel on some engines, Ark provides verticality and variety, both in construction and in combat
love Ark, LOVE Atlas. But don't be fooled by the homestead video. you wont be making these kinds of structures on official pvp severs. itle be a box lined with multiple false walls, intermeshed with spikes, and turtled with behemoth gate frames and turrets, oh and dont forget to pick up your deadly fauna at Lowe's or your local swamp, that's if your able to survive a week without the chinese or russian alpha tribes resetting you to zero with undermeshing exploits.   Play an unofficial server with higher rates if you want glorious structures.
This game is such an amazing experience. Besides the bugs with players not being able to join non-dedicated servers, it's one the greatest experiences I have had while gaming. The stunning graphics and the engram system all make me want to play more and more each day.
Hi Everyone! i'm writing my first review! So i've been playing Ark for a few years now. I love dinosours and building so I bought it and tried it. It's fantastic and so much fun! I play on PC so having cheats is very useful and mods makes it ten times more fun. the controls are good. if you don't have a good computer ram it will crash a lot. I also recommnd it on the PS4. its a lot faster and dosen't crash as much. I hope you enjoy! Good luck on your journey!
Recommend buying it on sale, but fun game.
I enjoy the game, bit heavy on farming though
216 hours good enough...i guess
Amazing game. The graphics and creation of the game is very interesting, and I highly suggest this game to people who like building games with survival.
The architecture reminds one of a quaint Tuscan beet farm, and the natural aroma of the beets drifts into the bedrooms and makes you dream of simpler times. You will never want to leave your room. The informative lecture will satisfy all your beet curiosity, and the dawn goose walk will tug at your heart strings. Table making never seemed so possible. Great story to tell your friends. Plenty of parking! The staff’s attention to detail and devotion to cleanliness was limitless. From their enthusiastic welcome to the last wave good-bye
best game ever i wish i had a better pc to play this game on i would play it all the time
Play dedicated or single player
best survival game I've ever played. if you haven't played this game and are looking for a fun survival game this is your game.
m
Listen I love the game but no.
if you have a bad pc this is not a game u will like.
This game is really a weird one, you cant say its good but it isnt bad either, the thousands of dollars spend on the sound track, though dinos have the worst ai you have ever seen.  This game is beautiful, but with the new updates it doesnt feel like the old dinosaur game anymore. And once you have a stone base with a smithy it will become a boring grinding game; yes you can tame super strong dinosaurs but why? to kill a boss. Seems fun untill you realise it is either you kill the boss easily or you lost all your dino's. After about 450 hours of gameplay i can say the first stage of the game, building your first stone house that functions good is the most fun.   If you have friends go and play on single player or pve (singleplayer can be played with friends and has better fps). Why not pvp? well because there are people that spawn in singleplayer cheated stuff (which is possible in official servers) to raid your base. The fps is also a big issue. I have a laptop bought in 2015-2016 for 1000 euros which is able to run it on low-medium at only 30-50 fps depending on how bug the base is. One time me and my friend made a gigantic base, but i wasnt able to work on there anymore as the fps would drop to 20 when i got in render distance.  So my tip is here: Dont search anything up on internet or any other search platform, both you and your friend. Play with gathering on 1 and taming on 3, and enjoy your first adventures, which this game has. Also use S+ mod to be able to pick up buildings without losing stuff.  After all the bad things i said earlier i do have to admit that there are still a lot of things that makes me love this game. If the game gets better fps it could really become one of the best if not the best survival game.  Dont buy this game for the full price, wait for the sales which are common, you will save more than 50%. I hope i helped you, please think this game through before you buy it. - Do you have friends which you can play it with (as it is boring solo) - Is my pc good enough - Am i willing to go through a lot of stressful moments when your dinos may die or when you lose all your stuff. - Mods which automattically shut down so you lose all your buildings/items from that mod*   *Also if you happen to be the host of your world, ALWAYS check if the mods are active when you start, sometimes they get a auto update and go out of the active mods list, with no warming messages.
This game was so good! I love the graphics and I always had a love for dinosaurs, so this game really warmed my heart. Honestly my only complaint would have to be how dark it is at night time. I can barley see! I have to constantly stay in my base until morning (witch is a rather long time) or else I run the risk of dying. Other than that 9/10.
10/10 reminds of my childhood playing Pirates of the Caribbean online from Disney. Pure nostalgia this game is.
This good game XD
i have over 300 hours on pc, and even more on console, from the begining, ark had potential, ive played fro a long time and watched this game grow from what it was, fantastic updates, amazing level design, i used to play servers filled with awesome communites, now all i see are decaying bases, once filled with optimistic players, dinos owned by huge tribes, when you raided someone, they would couter-raid you, but at the end of the day, everyone had a laugh, because we were playing a game we loved, more now than ever, meeting players on servers that i would become good friends with, and play other games with, now its just toxic people whining because someone killed their dinos becasue they were on agressive. i recomend that you get this game, and bring back the fun, optimisim, and friendship's that ark once had, so we can play ark the way it was meant to be played
great game, sometimes a bit laggy. pick up mod should be in the game itself.
I love Ark. I got this game when it first came out and I spent an entire summer playing it. Though the game can get pretty toxic and is quite rage inducing at points, its still a fantastic game. You do need a decent computer to play it but it has recently been optimized. The DLC's arent all great, Scorched Earth is pretty boring, Aberration is really fun, and Extinction just looks like a money grab if I'm being honest. But all in all I absolutely LOVE this game. 8.5/10
Eat, shit, die, survive?
It doesnt let me play it says it cant open a file what can i do 
ark is a grate game however there needs to be play able area expand the maps so your able to move further and add more dinos plus put them in diffrent bioms like dods only found on beach higher lvls in the forest
Unforgiving. And the future stuff is a little silly.  But over all the game is something I come back to on occasion.
I stayed away from ARK because of performance issues. My family likes to play together and I just didn't have the funds to buy everyone  (4 of us) a GTX xx70 or higher graphics card. A friend of mine showed me this game running on a 1050ti and helped me get our systems setup. My family and I now LOVE this game. It is our favorite to play together. Setting up a private server was easy for me to do and now my kids invite their friends to our world as well. If you have 8year+ old kids who like dino's then they are going to love ARK.
Great Game Graphics AMAZING PVP too hard unless you join the alphas or you'll be grinding for at least a thousand hours. (Personal experience) Local games only hold up to 4 people co-op Ajustable taming modifiers and such. Cheats in local (For those people who want it to be more sandbox than survival.) Actual story.(Purchase all DLC for whole story) Boss fights its called Survival Evolved. If you survive you EVOLVE. Game extremly fun if you dont mind the grind. PVP isn't balanced so if you start now start on new server and build up quick. PVE is crowded and you can hardly build a base because everyone circles the spawn points with spikes and everyone puts pillars and foundations down so you can find a spot with about enough room for 1by1 base. PVP too. The dinos are phenominal and look amazing everything has its own perpouse it could be making dino kibble or getting you to that yummy metal on the mountains. Very easy to troll in this game. PVP its annoying when karma comes around and your base is gone. and there are no dinos. Survival mechanics are great. Graphics are great. Dinos are great. PVP is stupid and makes you grind over and over if your not the best tribe. PVE is stupid cause its too crowded. Local is stupid because its 4 players. Great if you only have 3 friends that own this game. NON-deticated is cool but you have to pay even more than that woping 60$ and if you have all dlc thats about 120$ + the monthly fee. Achievments have rewards. Good luck noobs.   BUY ON SALE BUY ON SALE BUY ON SALE I cant say this enough BUY ON SALE.
Been playing for some time and i  don't get tired of this game. You always have something to learn. Make good friends and some bad ones. Cried over what i have lost and started over many many times. I have had this game since the start and has improved over the years. Manages to always stay exciting.
Not that the game needs any more good reviews but wow. Riding a T-Rex and flying on giant birds while building a base on the side of a mountain. Delving into caves with giant scorpions as pets. Farming mad amounts of poo and dodos! Building really insanely large bases and structures. I know there is end game content but who cares? Just playing with my tribe is FAR more fun than anything else. Solid 10 out of 10.
pretty good
amazing graphics
HAS DINOSAURS. iz good
Interesting game in this category 
Great with friends on a private server. For gods sake, stay off official servers. Dev team responds on their own time. Draw your own conclusions and experience it for yourself.
an exiting survival game but sometimes there are bugs and glitches. Sometimes triggering to play but a fun game after all.
Really great game, but the pickup relic needs to be in the game itself.
This is my favourite game of all time and I love both singleplaver and multiplayer pve 12/10 money well spent.
The game is amazing and fun and many things but taken care of is not one of them there apparently has been an issue with reliable buffer overflow now i haven't ever had this issue before today but this had been going on since 2016  as far as i can tell and it is quite the annoyance because i cant even play my game and i just bought the latest DLC so that is very much aggravating i reinstalled the game validated and restarted my computer i cant seem to play the game anymore on the server i have progressed so much on.
nice game i played it for a while but now it crashis when i try to play
fun
This game is amazing.
i have played this game for over 1,000 hours and mind u its great but there are a lot of problems.  1. meshing: its been a problem from the start of the game and happens even on official servers. 2. tribes commonly have a agreement but don't tell others, so u have to watch out who u attack because they might be protected by the alpha.  3. meshers never get caught         the game is very fun with friends but if u want more fun i suggest you get a team of friends and strategize and grow your tribe. a suggestion is u should try to talk to a alpha tribe before u start to build because they will destroy everything u have because they are bored.   ps. besides my recommend sign i think this game is situational. this is a good game its just the people that make it bad.
This is probably one of my favorite games that I've ever played. It combines the things that I love most like a really big open world, exploration, survival, and more, while also combining cool tech and crafting. Also, I love how the community gets involved by creating really amazing mods. It's obvious that the creators really love this game and honestly I really can't blame them.
This game is very impressive in terms of concept and the creator's willingness to take suggestions.
Hands down one of the best games I've ever played, me and my friend always play together and there is always something new and fun to do. I only have 150 hours in it and don't regret a single one. I would most definitely recommend this game to anyone and on many occasions I actually have. Also, I have an average PC and I run into no problems with the framerate, although it does crash more than other games.: ;)
if you have the hardware to run it proper
10/10 would enjoy literally not being able to play the game in fullscreen mode on a modern gaming PC. Seriously though, its been almost a decade since this game has been available on steam and its still poorly optimized. Fun game if you're somehow able to run it though.
I honestly love this game, It's one of my favourite computer games ever, although I admittedly haven't played many. I completely stayed away from all multiplayer servers, only played singleplayer on local worlds, and if you like open world survival games it's really fun. I don't have huge amounts of time to spend gathering resources and doing 12 hour tames, so on my own local worlds I can just crank the gathering rates up to 4x and taming up to 5x so I can enjoy the fun parts of the game without the grind.   Admittedly the frame rate is quite poor, on my relatively cheap gaming PC I only get about 20 fps, 30 on a good day, but once I got used to it it's playable and it usually doesn't affect gameplay. There is the odd occasion where there's a huge lag spike in a critical moment but you learn to work around those. There are also some occasional bugs, creatures glitching through the world and the likes, but I've found that when I'm playing on my own worlds it doesn't happen that frequently (I've had it happen maybe twice in almost 1000 hours of gameplay), and if its a major blow to my plans I can cheat them back in relatively easily and guilt-free since it was a glitch.   Overall, if you enjoy singleplayer survival, or have a group of friends willing to set up a private server, definitely would recommend, but avoid public servers.
Really. How long will it be before this Island Map crash bullshit be sorted. I am sick and tired of it.
It needs to be given a chance, it has a steep learning curve and online pvp can be toxic
This game is amazing , the devs are trying hard to fix it and adding lots of new things to the game and it can only get better.
can't run it but looks great. :(
very nonceable
This game is very good and well made. However, i got it when it was only £15 and now it has grown in price to £44. When it came out, it was a very good game but now with the additions of more and more dlcs i feel that the overall aspect of the game has become that of a pvp game than it's original intention.  If the game is on sale, i recommend getting it BUT single player can get a bit monotonous. I haven't played multiplayer much (as in servers) but that is what the game is gearing to be.  If you don't have the greatest pc, dont waste your time. For medium level pcs it is is very framey and laggy even on singleplayer. Until the full release of the homestead thing you will probably want to use mods, which make the game more laggy.  Overall it is a very good game and i recommend getting it when it is on sale.  *bear in mind this is going off things that may have changed*
a
~ some bugs but still enjoyable
I only played singleplayer, so what i know of the game's PVP interaction and official servers is limited to other's reviews, but from my experience its definitely a good game if you can see past the bugs and glitches (which are fairly frequent unfortunately) and has a lot of potential gameplay. I wouldn't recommend buying the game or the season pass at full price though, but in a sale its definitely a decent game to get.
ARK is extremely fun and has lots of stuff to tame!
roylevi 
I don't know where to start but the key factors to consider in this game are: 1. the game really would benefit from a proper tutorial. I wasted alot of time not knowing that picks and axes collect different materials in different quanitities etc.  2. some aspects of the game are so hard that it makes it less worthwhile for a single player experience. and the grind is boring after 40 or so levels because it gets really slow.  but  3. achievements can be thrilling.  4. new dinos can help alot - but if you lose them you're back to square one. if the online forums and arkpedia etc had not been created by the community the game would be unplayable.  I'm playing again - so it can't be all bad.
The times I've spend on this game don't lie : I'm fond of this game. There are some bug, and maybe it's not very accessible when you play solo, this game is pure fun when you play with friend. There is no limit on your possibility : you can tame and ride unlimitted creature, you can craft crazy thnings... This is my favorite sand box coop game  !  If you love to fight, here is your game !  If you love to farm or breed dinos, here is your game ! If you love to build a peacefull house in a dangerous world, here is your game ! If you want to ride a T-rex following by dozen of raptor, with a cowboy hat and an otter on your shoulder, here is your game !
Até q é legalzinho, pena q esqueceram do jogo base e foram só adicionando dlç :c
good game 
good game even if it's a bit clunky, stopped playing due to inability to transfer to other servers, always check that before you grind on a server.
stinky frame rate :(
One of the most amazing games i've ever played. With some bugs of course, i think ARK is a great game to hop on with a friend or two and grind for hours on end. I'd give this game an 8/10
I have loved this game for a long time even though it is and has always been full of bugs. But the gamebreaking stunt they pulled with the homestead update does it for me. Fix S+ or i (and a lot of other player) will put this game down once and for all.  The problem was actually solved surprisingly fast. Well done devs but please test your stuff before going live and breaking your own game.   But like i said i really do love this game and because of the quick response i will change my review to recommended.
if you're an Australian man you can relate to this game cause literally everything around you wants to kill you
Let me start with some general advice before I begin my critique of this game. 1. Don't bother if you don't have a decent gaming machine. i7 16gb and a newer video card. 2. Don't bother If you go berserk when a game crashes to the desktop once and a while. 3. Don't bother if you are an avid multiplayer fan, more buildings and moving dinos = more crashes. 4. On PC backup this folder every now and then C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\ARK\ShooterGame\saved After all we all must understand there are still some limitations to our virtual existence.  That being said, Who can really argue this is not a revolutionary game? I have been playing games before the majority of todays gamers were even born. If learning to tame, raise from birth, Ride, Fly and fighting with huge dinos in a beautifully alive environment is not fun then what the heck is???  Are there glitches? Yes Are some of the people in the community arses? Yes After raising, training and loving a dino can it be killed instantly by a bigger, faster dino? Well Yes Can all your buildings be crushed and your left homeless to start all over? Yes But let face facts. You are in a dangerous time, Surrounded by dangerous dinos who see you merely as a scooby snack.  My Final verdict.. BEST GAME EVER MADE! And I have played 1000s If you don't try it your missing out on one of the best games ever made. Just my humble opinion...
Awesome game!  Love the realistic game play and multiplayer options 
Amazing game. Probably the best value a money can buy. Buying every and single DLC to support devs. Thank you!
Good Game BUT PLEASE FIX THE BUG
I like this game, and I don't get why people complain about the frame rate/lag etc because I never have that problem. Try running it on a pc that is within the spec range, maybe? I've never played on official servers because the community is apparently 'toxic', so maybe this is part of the problem? Play SP and with friends and you'll have a blast.
Nice game it just keeps on giving. Have fun :)
Talk about a lazy bunch who want money for doing nothing. I haven't played the game for along time now because of all the bugs. I come back to check it out years later and nothing has changed. What a sorry ass bunch of thieves.
Personally, I love Ark. It may be broken at times though. If you are the kind of person that plays a game and expects it to be 100% perfect,  Ark is not the game for you. At the same time, If you want a game that is 100% perfect, no bugs, then your kinda out of luck. With a little tweaking of the settings you can do just about anything, no matter how broken. For example, If you turn off platform saddle restrictions, you can make it as big and have as many turrets as you want on it. To shorten this up I should probably end it hear by just simply saying: Ark is a Great game and anyone that thinks otherwise clearly must not like adventure games.
good game
Good Very Good, I've got almost 2500 hours played of this game at the time of writing this (P.S It's best when in modded PVE)
The first time I played ARK it was totally overwhelming, this game has a lot of features that don't come with instructions. Once you actually get into the game it's near impossible to stop. If you are considering buying this game for the singleplayer survival or PvE side of the game you should totally give it a shot. Should you buy this game for the PvP aspects? No. At least not until the major issues are ironed out.
Honestly, I love this game. Sure, it has it's bugs and issues, every game does. But being able to run around with dinosaurs, dragons, and freaking unicorns is awesome. I've seen a lot of people talk about how public servers can be boring or toxic, and a lot of them can be. Though there are some good ones out there as well, and they've led to some very fun and rather hilarious memories, like a custom "event" involving running around naked on a volcanic island punching a t-rex in the face and trying to survive the longest. Or my personal favorite, dodo army battles. Be warned though, there is a lot of waiting around for things to craft and lots of time spent farming materials. Because of this, there have been times where I just get burned out with this game, and take a break. Singleplayer offers a lot of variety as well, with the ability to control all kinds of different settings such as resource rates and damage resistance. Overall, it's a really fun game that presents countless hours of entertainment and chaos.
One of my favorite games to play.  PvE is challenging (due to being forced to work your way up the technology ladder and die repeatedly on the way, oh and the occasional SURPRISE-GIGA attack once you reach the top), and frustrating (due to SURPRISETITAN appearances which grind everything to a standstill or you lose your entire base and tames and all those hours and hours of effort), and even maddening (due to, among other things, structure clip failure, wandering tames suddenly flying away and disappearing...forever, and server failures causing you to be logged out, and log back in to see your body being mauled by a pack of raptors and being forced to fruitlessly search for the mount you had been on), but ultimately rewarding.  I've been playing this game for over 1700 hours on both PvE and SP servers and one thing I can say about it is that it pulls you in.  The frustration, the self-torture, the monotony, and then...exultation of knowing that you've completed that architectural marvel you've wanted to turn your home base into, or tagged and tamed that powerful beastie that you always wanted, or raided that one elusive cave that always presented way too much danger.  It's exhilarating.  Sure there are plenty of flaws, but what game doesn't have those?
Was fun to play with dinos
play with friend is very fun
This game is awesome in so many ways I cant describe it
1337
Okay so this game was good but I stopped playing it entirely (almost right away) when I realized that it doesn't have a scrollable hotbar option. I, personally find that this lack of a feature makes the game unplayable. This might be a little harsh, seeing that the game is good other than this, but I stand by my opinion. This game is completely unplayable for me with a lack of a scrollable hotbar. Other than that, good game.
So, I know my record says I've played ARK for 302 hours (give or take), but that's only on this one computer. Realistically I've probably played around 600+ hours, which is more than any other game I own on steam COMBINED.  ARK is wonderful. If you ever watched Jurassic Park, or grew up reading dinosaur books, playing the classic Carnivores games or dreaming of discovering the "lost" giant reptiles of the unexplored corners of the modern world: this game is for you. Or, if you love open-world building, progressive, dinosaur hunting exploration games, get this. You'll need a computer with pretty good specs, but if you have one, it's a blast.  Yes, it takes a bit of a beefy computer to run smoothly. I own an Inspiron gaming laptop with 16 GB of ram and a 4GB graphics card. On it I can run ARK at almost perfect specs with 30-40 fps. On perfect specs, this game looks fanTAStic, and the devs continue to put out new updates regularly that (most of the time) improve the game and/or general smoothness. This is not a dead game by any means, and the people who work on this game really seem to care about making it better.  Cons, there are still quite a few bugs, although with cheats you can practically undo any single-player mistake you might make if you're willing to spend a bit of time on it. Farming can be quite the hassle as well until you have tamed dinosaurs specifically suited for harvesting materials. I've never played for extended amount of time on multiplayer servers because most of the ones I find have a TON of people on them, who will grief your items when you log off and destroy your base. However, it's practically impossible to "beat" ARK's two newest DLCs alone, so multiplayer servers featuring those expansions are necessary. It can also be very frustrating. There will be moments where you find yourself trapped between a Giganotosaurus and two Alpha Rexes, and all you've got is a bow and arrow and way too many resources in your inventory to run. So long as you don't let that discourage you, you'll continue to progress.  Pros, the basic Island map, however, is enough to give the single player hours upon hours (days, even) of enjoyable exploration, farming, hunting and building. Dinosaurs are frequent, many of which are passive and allow for a smooth progression up the crafting ladder. Materials are easy to find in their biome, gameplay is smooth, graphics are very impressive for such a massive open-world game, and honestly  I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ANYONE. ESPECIALLY on sale, and if you have the computer to run it. If not, put this on your wishlist until you DO own a computer with decent specs, and come back to this. It's worth it.
Great game it is better with friends and the game is "slightly" broken
people say this game Isn't fun and gets boring. Yes i might not have as many hours as some others but just from how much fun i have had playing with friends and just messing around it has been more then worth the money. And if the game gets boring the modding community is awesome so you could play this game for thousands of hours if you had the free time. And one key thing about this game that beats most other games is that the developers are constantly working on it and fixing bugs as well as supporting there modding community.
This my favorite game I have all the dlc's for it, but lately its been really laggy and i don't know why, it shouldn't be with the computer I have.g
WELL WELL WELLLL
Immense and EPIC in Creative Content and endless Scale ! When families and trusted groups create private servers for game play, it is ALWAYS 100% Best of The Best in MMO RPG world building !!!! However... Be very wary of Open play, as Entire mega-teams exist  and operate for the singular purpose of destroying any player constructed Property.... This is the ONLY REASON THEY ARE THERE. To Trash your Beautiful Creations that took Honest Hard work to Create. These are Purely Negative People and they are only there to cause Negative Experiences for others and Negative Emotions. Many are likely Real world Criminals, Pedophiles, and Perverse Sociopaths or Psychopaths of various types. They can even be practicing for real life plans they are working out. Do not Feed their sickness.  Also be ware that there is no discipline process in place against their practices. Many MMO's are overrun with these problem disfunctionals, and do nothing to stop them... Some even go so far as to help these sick persons by Censoring Those Who Report the Truth about them.  So Far ARK has never Censored me for this, and are allowing Truth to be reported in any Journalistic reviews... So I Definitely Recommend this MMO... For those who are cautious, I suggest creating a parallel back up of the community designs on a closed server version. That way your group can always keep a tracking copy of what they achieved ! Please note... I have not played for over a year, so there may be full save games and other safe guards to help honest players against griefers and BOT Tanks etc... So Far I Find this a Very Challenging and Satisfying MMO, that even the more timid player can enjoy, if they are sensible enough to create a private server to learn on FIRST !
Quite possibly the most addicting game I've ever played. The detail and graphics put into this game make you feel like you are actually on the island, but fortunately you are not! Dieing in this game is something that one must get used to, because "Death awaits you with pointy teeth"!!! Not to mention the dinosaurs!  Not to many complaints about this game, but if I had one, it would be to make the walls built on boats actual walls and not something other survivors can "Ghost" through when on an opposing boat.  The game play is genious and trying to find trustworthy survivors to cooperate with is perhaps the largest objective.  Who do you trust?  Wildcard has created the virtual world we all dreamed about as children. Go forth and tame the dino of your dreams.
This game is a MUST!!!!!!  For anyone who plays RPG's , FPS, Management, Simulators.......  IT IS JUST A MUST!!!!!  I cant stress enough how much you will get addicted too this game.....   Scare-ability?      YES Explore-ability?   YES Fun - ability?       YES Co-op - ability?   MEGA YES Multiplayer - ability? YES  I literally can't think of anything bad about this Game.......  IT'S JUST EPIC!!!!   AND THEN SOME!!!!!!!!  
Very good has very much content. Please nerf mana’s
Fun game.
This game is Awesome. It's a nice Survival Game. You don't see Survival Games with Dinosaurs mostly with zombies. I like this game. I Recommend it!  I recommend getting it now. Full price is not worth it.
Afternoon fellow Arkers.  Yeah, what can I say. Round about 4.6 k hours of playing time. I have started over so many times I lost count. Have my own 2 servers which I run for a few thousand days (game time) and then we try something else with the mods.   Have died countless times but still I come back to this game.  Have build so many types of shelters, cliff structures and then wiping them but.....I still come back to this game.   None of the games I played even comes close to ARK. Yes, some the updates did "break" things in the game. Some of the mod updates made you lose all of your hard work. Many hours was lost due to mistakes and "woops, should not have done that" but in the end.....I still come back to this game. Reason, FREEDOM.   I read the reviews of the other people and wonder.......especially those guys with the 100+ hours that can give a "decent" review that actually makes sense. Not trying to take anything away from you guys and sorry if I give offence. Not meant that way.   Bottom line.   It's fun. It's exciting. It's refreshing, especially when the mod creators go full out to give form to their creativity. Thank you for the hard work. I can recommend this for anyone, young and old. This is not just a game, it's planning, surviving, building, team work. Stunning graphics and good detail in what goes into this game. Nothing is perfect, not everything works all the time, but.......that is life for you.  I still come back to this game.....   
Honestly one of my favorite games. It runs good for the most part but if you want good quality and good frames you need a good setup. It's a great game overall too.
i really recommend it, sadly if u have a bad internett or low place on ur computer u should not download it but its worth it
This game was such an absolute mess when it first came out.  HOWEVER, with the recent update...it has come full circle. Are there still some issues? Of course. Skyrim has giants that bash you into the sky and this game has holes you can't escape from. No game is perfect.  Be prepared to lose your social life, significant other, and all your "free time" but love every second of it (minus the time when you get killed be alpha raptors of course).
9.5/10 Awesome game!!!. I know it has its own(TINY) set of bugs and exploits but the devs are actively fixing them as you read this review. ARK is finally becoming the game that its player base has been wanting it to become for the past few years especially thanks to the homestead update. Right now is the best time to buy this game since it is on sale (60% off , get it now) and because great updates are being released almost every day and there are rumors of a new DLC and TLC as well. Overall this is the best game I have ever played ( I have played a LOT). Must buy for anyone  who likes dinosaurs , survival games , or any other game for that matter( just buy it) The graphics are AMAZING. Because of these new updates i have started playing ark consistently again and I even went ahead and bought the season pass. If you buy it then I promise you you wont regret it and if you dont well youre seriously missing out my friend.
You love dinosaurs, you will like this game. People say official servers sucks and thats probably tru (like in every other game of this tipe) so play on non-official or by yourself a private server with friends, more fun that way. 900 hours of my 900+ game time is spent on my own private server. :)
I ♥️ this game it may be expencive but its worth it also you definitely should get all of the dlc's(scorched earth, abberation, extinction, and the 2 free maps the center and ragnarok. All off these maps add new items and dinos). This is a game where the mostof the gamers that have it will be playing it over 1000h and still not be bord. The worlds look beautifull, the dinosaurs are great and big updates are constantly released. I think that anyone who likes dinosaurs and survival games a litle bit should definitely buy this game. 🦖🦕
Very good game played since it came out and i havent been let down
TL;DR at end if you don't wanna read my nostalgia.  Finally getting around to this.  After 1,000 hours in game on many different servers and giving myself some time to collect my thoughts, here goes.  Hour Zero:  The servers opened up and I was one of the first to start exploring the island. There were restarts and crashes everywhere, but the world was new and shiny and every interaction with a player was exciting because no one knew anything and we were all in it together. Even the naked pvp bros who had nothing but inventories full of spears and meat were an interesting encounter. I put all my stats into crafting and swim speed (aka oxygen), the land peons knew not of the Megalodon infested depths.  These simple days are what Ark is in my mind. And if you're new, I'm sure you'll enjoy your first time too.  Hour ~100: Life is good. The combat is tight. The graphics are lovely. The design is breathtaking. The music is hype. The crafting, building, taming and leveling are all well balanced and fun. The crashes and restarts are just part of the deal, we get over it. I am again part of one of the first tribes, if not THE first tribe to kill the first boss. We way over geared for it and came away with no casualties. A grand ol' adventure with randoms I no longer remember the names or faces of. A small achievement lost to time.  Hours ~400-700: By this point the cracks in the looking glass have began to show. As the management, not knowing what makes a good e-sport, decides that it is time to do the E-SPORTS and to focus on DLC! Bugs go unfixed, questions go unanswered, dossiers lag behind and the old player base collectively feel a lever being flicked. A lever most did not want touched as the game takes a slow left turn onto a different track...  Maybe it was planned from the beginning, maybe some hierarchical change beset itself upon the company. What ever the case, the experience changed as power creep set in, modding sprung to life and the e-sports floundered. I stopped playing a little while after the addition of the Dragons.  Hour 1,005:  I stand in an empty clan base, appreciating the custom architecture standing in memoriam of those who stopped adding to it long ago, walls decorated with art from amaturish and lewd to quite moving, shifting through chests and walking around stables filled with tributes from bygone tribes who wanted us to take care of their belongings and pets after they were gone.   Hour 1,006: On an empty server about to be shut down permanently, which was only threatened by the occasional spear throwing noob, I set all the tames free, sail to the edge of the map and log out. The last of about 5 similar sailing journeys I underwent, with a similar fate. This time I would not start a new adventure with new strangers in a new land.  Now a days when I see videos of titanic base raids or role-playing friends or alpha clan political drama, I can't help but feel that the game had a bit of an identity crisis, certainly losing the wonder I first felt back in the opening weeks. But gaining some other flavor of wonder in it's place.  The game settled on a fantasy sandbox clan-warfare persistent.. thing. It does this well and seems fun. Just not for me anymore.  [h1] TL,DR; [/h1]  You can find pve, pvp or roleplay servers and Ark:SE makes them all fun in the end. It left what I wanted and evolved into something new but still good.  Suggestion: Play it, find your niche in a community or invite friends and have a blast. $60.00 for 1k hours of adventure was WELL worth it for me. You will not be disapointed... if your computer is up to the task.
this game is awesome but I hate how often it crashes makes me not want to play I played over 1k hours on xbox and only a few on pc because it crashes so often. still a fun game with much content though.
wish on pve sever we could all tame dino's  i bought this game do both pve and pvp  but i was trying learn how tame dino on pve sever  it said sever max out on taming dino's  but on pvp sever's you can but you have becareful peope might just happin kill you or your tamed dino
Great game.  Buy it.  If it's on sale, buy it for your friends too.  Especially if they're too cheap to buy it themselves.  ;-)  There's some bugs and it's a resource hog, no doubts about that.  Don't expect to run this on some wimpy Intel onboard graphics or any computer made prior to 2012-2013.  It might [i]walk[/i] on some of that older stuff ... but it definitely won't run.  [h1]IMPORANT![/h1]  If you have a Radeon (AMD) graphics card, you need this command-line switch (launch option): [b]-norhithread[/b]  I have no idea what that actually does under the hood, but it stops the game from crashing within 5 to 10 minutes of joining a game (single or multi-player.)  So if you have a Radeon (AMD) card, use it.  Or don't ... how much do you like crashes?  A lot?  Definitely don't use it in that case.  nVidia don't seem to have issues like the AMD cards do.  [h1]The Game:[/h1]  You get in and you die ... soon and often.  But it's OK.  Have patience.  Avoid the carnos, they're freaking a**holes when you first get in.  My adivce?  Find some clusters of small trees, waterlog (trap-stop-bug??) them on it and BOOM!  You get a free tame.  Make sure you have meat.  Raw.  Lots of it.  You might want some narcotic berries on hand ... that dude's gonna be p*ssed if he wakes up with you standing over him.  Watch out for the raptors too.  And don't stray too close to the Dilos either.  In fact, it's probably best to avoid animals altogether in the game until you've at least gotten a few basic weapons in your hands.  [h1]The Price:[/h1]  It's a little over the priced when it isn't on sale.  Not because of lack of content or the amount of fun the game is ... but because Wildcard isn't the best at fixing bugs and optimizing their game.  Otherwise, if it's on sale I definitely recommend buying it.  I'd be willing to set up a custom server if there's enough interest from folks on here.  I don't play on the official servers because they're broken by the alpha tribes that hop from server to server killing everything and everyone.  No fun in that, TBH.  I prefer Player-VS-Environment anyway.  [h1]Closing Statements:[/h1]  It's honestly a good game, I've bought like - 10+ copies for my friends on Steam.  Thank you Steam and thank you Wildcard.  (But Wildcard, you [i]could[/i] at least [i]try[/i] doing some bugfix releases every once in a while .....)  Game on!
subnautica but it goes through every single age and its on land
This is a good game... you can harvest resources, you can tame dino and breed them, slaughter sheep, build your house, barn, farm, etc. Very fun to play with your friends, or you can play it solo with mods.. its very relaxing  but sometimes the game buggy and if u breed ovipar dinos, the egg with go through foundation which mean your hatchlings will be stuck inside foundation... its really annoying  i give *6/10
No review needed. Buy it if you don't own it, play it alone, play with friends. Its worth the experience.
i like
I really enjoy this game.  It has it's issues, some being graphics related ( I'm on Linux ) and some being management screw ups with updates from Wild Card.  Yes the game is grindy, but there's a sense of accomplishment when you see the improvements you've made to your outpost.  Best played with friends on a private server, in my opinion.  I run PVE.  If you don't nerf the server settings, it's enough of a challenge.  I have no desire for the PVP drama / pain in the arse jerks, that live to wreak others.  As long as this game has been out Wild Card is still fixing bugs and enhancing game play.  A bit slow, but getting there and have not dropped support like so many companies do.  While on public servers, I was up in the air on which way I'd recommend.  Since starting my own server, clearly it's thumbs up for me.
woop
I will admit I have only played this game on a non-dedicated session with my wife. Therefore I cannot judge how this game is on its main multiplayer mode. However, I have to say what I experienced was very fun. I enjoyed building bases. I very much enjoyed taming and breeding dinosaurs. It is fun to come up with solutions to various challenges both purposefully created by the developers and randomly generated (such as a Therizinosaurus attacking you and your tames at a low level). The game is far from perfect however and I can completely understand the common criticisms of this game. It is not very well optimized. It takes up a lot of space and crashes a bit too often. That said I have overall enjoyed this game and would recommend at least its singleplayer to anyone looking for a survival game and anyone looking to play a game with dinosaurs.
I like it.
Still need to optimize your game.....makes my pc run like a toaster and it shouldn't.
IF YOU ARE IMPATIENT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME game is awesome for people that like games like this unfortuntely i'm not one of those people but i understand why it can be fun and after seeings both sides of story i can see if your the right guy its fun
One of the best games i have played in a long time. it is very grindy  and the best way to experience this game is in a private server with friends
Solid survival game. Fun with friends. Avoid Official servers unless you plan on not having a life. I recommend this game for any hardcore survival game fans.
i love this game really fun and a good open world game only thing i dont like is theres a brontosauros which are fake dinosaurs
Good game
Favorite Survival game
f a n c y 
I love this game. Many creatures with great maps. Beautiful graphics with a great survival challange
First off, I would like to say that playing on official servers is an unpleasant experience, especially for new players... in PVP, people who have progressed a lot have no qualms about shitting on people who have nothing. PVE is a mess full of structures that have no other function than to prevent other players from building in a location.  Those are the issues most people have with this game, but that's the fault of people in general, and not the game itself. It's funny because in any game where people can win or lose, an unsportsmanlike and toxic community develops and people blame the game instead of looking at the peoples' choices of behavior. As others have mentioned in their reviews, if you truly want to enjoy this game for what it can offer, play with friends on a private server or find a well-run unofficial server. I'm currently playing on The Ghost Division Ark clusters, and it has been fun.  The game itself does have issues, but the devs put in a constant effort to hunting down and fixing exploits of all kinds (including areas where meshing is possible), it's actually kind of impressive- I've never seen a company be so intent on fixing their product over such a long period of time. Do a quick search and you'll see countless instances of exploits being fixed and monetary rewards being offered for information of unresolved exploits.  My only standing issue with this game that I'm uncertain will ever get resolved is optimization. I'm able to play over a hundred other games on ultra settings with most visual features enabled and get at least a steady 60fps. In this game however, I'm lucky to get 30fps on low-medium with some features disabled while playing online... In order to run this game at 60fps, I have to use launch settings such as "-USEALLAVAILABLECORES -sm4 -d3d10 -novsync -norhithread" (btw use that in launch options if you have issues running the game) makes the game significantly uglier than as it is presented in trailers. I've read into all sorts of suggested reasons of why the game will never be optimized; I don't know which of those reasons are true or not but I expect that this game will be abandoned before it is fully optimized because of how long this game has been in development.   Overall, if you don't mind playing on a private or unofficial server with friends and if you don't mind the game looking far less attractive than you see it in trailers, this game provides more than enough hours of entertainment for its price- especially if you get it on sale.
very good get it !!!!
good game
This game is very fun. You can explore, Tame dinosaurs, and kill dinosaurs. But the problem about ark is that when your killed,  you can RAGE very easily. But the game includes bosses that you have fight to beat the game. there are 4 bosses. The Broodmother, The Dragon, The Manticore, and the Overseer. There are easier and harder versions of a boss so I recommend you start with the easier version. Have fun and I hope you don't get killed!
Hi i want VR (Virtual Reality)  Chcel by som aby vyjojari pridali VR (Virtualnu Realitu)
Ark is fun until u get to a stage where you get bored of always creating a new character and getting smashed by alpha tribes because you always get to lvl 50 or 60 until u get destroyed by someone bigger and better. But I did enjoy this Game until I got bored.
If you can be patient and explore, you will find the game very interesting!  But there are a few drawbacks.  First, the dinosaurs felt strong when they kill other creatures, but at a very low height they could have killed him! This is so frustrating!  Second, why would meat-eating dinosaurs bite me when they sees me? Even with its menu on the side, even when I'm on a big dino, or one of its kind, it's not immune to attack. My dinosaur is also an easy target!  
ark may have its flaws, but it is a good game at the end of the day.
fantastic game! play on both pc and console!
Is this game a good game? Hahaha hell no. Is this a fun game? Yeah in my opinion sort of but only in single player though because multiplayer is kind of toxic. This game might not be for everybody but it's nice for what it does and as somebody who enjoys survival games seeing even a slightly good one is rare so... thanks ARK devs I think. 4/10 but still a fun game
After playing many MMO's in the last 10+yrs this one has me so addicted like no other.
Honestly public servers are awful for a variety of reasons, but the true glory of this game is with a few friends on a private session with resources turned up a bit. This allows you to explore and experience the game in all its glory with friends. 9/10 Probably worth full price, would grab without a doubt if it was on sale.
love it i love finding little bits and glitches in creative 
Can be daunting if playing alone. But still very fun!
this is one of the best games!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!DUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 This game made stayed up all night. love to play it with friends
You have guns and dinasaurs I mean let's be honest here for a sec what else do you need?
funny game
Kewl game
fun game!
nice game but pretty pricy, but still a recommendation if you like dinosaur survival games 
Cant run any mod.On intel i7 7700 3,6ghz nvidia gf. 6gb and 16 gb rams hmmm wtf is wrong with this game and on medium 50fps..??
good
Really good game ;) 
Pretty good
great game
this game is awesome but if you dont have freainds its not that fun this is also a verry time consuming game and verry adictive i would recemend this game but only if you have time on your hands 
This is one of the best games I have ever bought it has so much things you can do and the DLCs are great
Pretty fun! Hard to get into at first because it's so difficult. Danger around every corner. But! If you play with a friend, you can enjoy the prospect of building a beautiful, huge compound one day! Then you can finally go to bed, wake up, and see it in ruins!
This game is very fun it does have a slow start to it and is quite expensive considering its age and what there is to do. If this game was like twenty dollars cheaper than I would absolutely positively recommend to buy RIGHT now but, it is probably best to wait for a sale before buying.
6/10
симулятор патологоанатома
Very good game, played good. I appreciate the effort put into this (pun intended) very great puzzle game, with good pictures ;D
it was ok but i did  not much care or it
low budget game with several different games better than it but it's a very cheap alternative
Benis
please take off the tape!    tapes are now off :-) nice pics
Well this is better than some of their other stuff, which is a good thing to be able to say. Sure, it is another match 3 game, but it is a slightly different take on it, which is nice to see. It's fairly easy to understand the mechanics, especially since there is a short tutorial. I do, however, wish there would be more variety in the post battle scenes with the girls, maybe different options for each girl. Anyway, for the price it's a decent game, especially if you can get it on sale like I did.
I like the artwork. It is very fluid and jiggly. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
amazing game for the price.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOuKg92Ln3U
Hello ;)  can we remove censorship? Please
Don`t like 3inrow genre, but this game is so n1(sound,draw,gameplay) reccommend for purchase it.
help
Loved this game. It's something new and unseen before. It was my first experience in such genre. I've played a lot Hentai games and I must admit it's pretty cool to have option to collect such games in Steam library instead of searching for them around web.
Colourful game in a genre 3 in a row, with inserts henty and an opportunity to influence dialogues choosing option which is pleasant to you. If you like Hentai or :D games of such genre, recommend for purchase.
Simple but very interesting game.In the future, I would like more levels. Good price for this game
Good game. I recommend.
Good game and best price, I liked it. The creators have worked hard. Waiting for new projects from this developer.
Not entirely sure if there is an ending or not, but I really liked the game! It is super creepy for only 1.83$! Would reccomend for a short horror style game :)
jump is good
This game show great promise. I like the intense attention to detail. My game keeps crashing after about 7 minutes. The landscape glitches out and the game closes. I belive with more development, this game could become amazing.
I've instantly fallen in love with this game. Keep in mind it is still VERY Early Access, but there is a solid framework here to be expanded on. The physics are easy to understand, yet challenging to master. The customization is amazing even in it's early state. The idea of taking loads of goods from place to place to earn money to upgrade your truck is a very addicting mechanic.  At this stage as long as the updates keep coming in frequently this could turn out to be a real gem. My main concern at the moment is the finicky camera. I'd prefer to have the option to just have a free rotating camera. Especially when you get into tricky terrain it feels like the biggest challenge is fighting with the camera.  All in all, if you're on the fence about it, wait for a few more updates. Think of it like a Spintires/Mudrunner crossed with Jalopy with a sprinkling more customization. Keep this one on the wishlist/follow for sure.  ================================================================================================  私は即座にこのゲームに恋をしました。それはまだ非常に早いアクセスであることを覚えておいてください、しかしここで拡張されるべきしっかりしたフレームワークがあります。物理学は理解しやすいですが、マスターするのは難しいです。初期の状態でもカスタマイズは素晴らしいです。あなたのトラックをアップグレードするためにお金を稼ぐために所々に商品の負荷を取るという考えは非常に中毒性のメカニックです.  この段階で更新が頻繁に入ってくる限り、これは本当の宝石であることが判明する可能性があります。 現時点で私の主な関心事は厄介なカメラです。私はただ自由に回転するカメラを持っているという選択肢を持つことを望みます。特にあなたがトリッキーな地形に入ったとき、それは最大の課題がカメラと戦うことであるように感じます。  結局のところ、あなたがそれについて垣間見ているのであれば、さらにいくつかの更新を待ちます。 Spintires / MudrunnerがJalopyと交差していて、カスタマイズが少し増えているようなものだと考えてください。これをほしい物リストに追加する/必ずフォローする。
Live water foul hunting.  And  you get done very nice goodies
I am not really into traditional duck hunting using blinds and shotguns, but taking large drakes out using .22LR rifle is dull. Sneaking close with a bow is challenging but not really fun. Bird hunting in this game is a great way to get some money and XP, as well as clear hunting pressure somewhere else.
The DLC to get if you want to level up fast whilst earning loads of cash. Set up 5 setups in Layton Lakes and rotate between them all throughout the hunting day. Hunting pressure has no impact on the attraction rate, so give 'em everything you got. Blast 6 shots with the pump action then plink as many as you can with the .22. Getting 15+ ducks at one setup is not uncommon if done this way.
Great D.L.C. I've found that the waterfowl blind is a very good feature for goose hunting. As it is less expensive than the layout blind and it gives you more room to move. Plus, the new shotgun is overpowered on birds.
DLC is preety damn great the thing that is really annoying is how the ducks land way out from the decoys and, I do hunt for ducks in wisconsin and ive only had it were they landed a far out once
Duck hunting is both fun and profitable. Recommended!
I love this DLC, very nice. I love the shoot waterfowl animals in game and in real life. I think you guys should add turkeys and pheasants. Dogs would be nice to! But very nice start.
The blinds are great- easily nicer to use than the ones in the "tents and blinds" DLC, and (as you would expect) they "work" properly on all animals... not somehow restricted to just ducks. The shotgun and ammo is nice, but IMO doesn't really feel that important next to the 12ga guns already in the base game.  The decoys are very nice for duck hunting... adds some nice realism, and seems to make a big difference in luring in ducks.  This is a good DLC.
i am pleasantly suprised by this DLC.  cons:  - shotgun is kinda trash compared to the ones we already have. the italian one has more ammo capacity and works just as well.  pro's:  - the new hunting blinds are absolutely amazing, and not just for ducks.  - hunting ducks with the tools from this DLC is a lot of fun.  keep in mind that the DLC doesn't add ducks. the ducks are in the game for everyone to enjoy. and so is the lure flute thingey.  overall i recommend this only if you have IRL money to spare. and if you're really exited to hunt ducks, if you don't like hunting these ducks don't get this DLC. especially not for the shotgun.   
20G shotgun is great for ducks and decoys really help
I'm going to have to recommend this one.  I love the new shotgun and blinds.
Ten thousand times better than that third world dlc that does not offer the whole big 5.  This is set in my favourite place (Layton Lake) and offers a shotgun to shoot ducks and kill them (altough a better ammo capability would have been nice -3 shots is rather scarce-). This shotgun comes with its new ammo type.  With that comes a lure in the shape of ducks (two variants), a duck caller (lovely sound),  and one of those things to hide yourself inside and justify the use of a backpack (or leave some of your favourite rifles at home to make room).  And of course it comes with Ducks!!!  which are the best flying edible birds that exist. Well actually the ducks and the caller are available ingame already wether you buy this dlc or not but still.  No bugs so far and its really fun to wait for then shoot those little schmucks while listening some horror stories.  On a side note, I bought this one saturday and my mom had bought a duck that day. We had a very decent dinner, with tatties and salad and good sauce to accompany the duck. So I shot some virtual ducks and ate a real one. What a winner.
quack quack
Despite some misgivings that another raft of bugs might be introduced, this DLC is a load of fun, much to my surprise. (I'm not much of a bird hunter.) It isn't really necessary to hunt the ducks, but it did add quite a lot of value, especially given the low price. Good fun!
Pretty good!  At first, I wasn't sure what to expect.  I never heard the ducks flying in like the geese, but if you watch you will see them flying in.  Just call them down and get ready to pop them from your blind once they land.  :)  I tend the get 1 or 2 on the water, then 1 or 2 when they are flying off.  Like another player said, sometimes they just spawn in.  The decoys look great and so do the guns.  I think this was a worthy purchase.
When I bought this game originally it was for the Goose hunting. Having been a Duck hunter it was as close as it got. While the Canadian Geese were fun to hunt, I didn't like how they seemed to be missing a frame or two when they turned, the fact you could only field hunt, and of course how the often bugged into the ground.   Seeing the Duck and Cover DLC come out (didn't even know it was coming out), got me excited for a real chance of Duck hunting and doing it over water. Well, I must say it did not disappoint and I am enjoying it a lot more then the Geese. I have not noticed any missing frames or stuck birds. I have hunted 4 different spots and all worked pretty well.   I liked the feel and sound of the new guns. The new ammo of course does its job, have not tried it on Geese but in theory it should basically be like using a choke.  Some tips for those having issues:   * When skies are blue ("Blue BIrd Days") you won't see many ducks. This makes Dusk and Dawn hunts the best as it is more likely to be overcast. Do not dispair though, it seems like if you are in a Duck Blind it promotes bad weather.  * Hunting north of the Belmont Rail bridge (East of Roonachee Outpost) has been very very good to me. Don;t let the moose distract you!! lol   Things I did not like:   * The "invisible retreiver". I was worried about how the water kills would be handled. Not really liking the invisible dog. BUT it beat swimming.  * The decoys do not float. Sorry but that's just lame. Decoying doing underwater in waves is just lazy.   * The blind is just kind of weird. Click point is off a bit. Provides the best view from a blind (IMO).   * I wish the use could have an option of the calls made with each caller instead of randomized.   ---------------------------  Verdict : Well worth the $4 price tag. Happy Hunting!!
So far so good. New gun looks and sounds great. New hide is just like the others really so not much to say on that and the decoys are useful and attract the ducks really well. Set up 2 duck hunting spots so far on 2 different lakes and must have got about 15 in just over 1 hour playing either by sneaking up on loads already around the decoys when i arrive or luring them in with the new caller. Great purchase at a good price and the not had Any buggy Ducks yet unlike the Geese :)
Seems to work as it should.  Set up and wait a few mins, get about 3-4 ducks a go. (some ducks fly in and others spawn and float in)  Shotgun is nice but nothing special.  Hide is useful and not just for ducks.  It seems in game you just need to buy the caller for 6k then you get the hide and decoys aswell.  ..  Only downside I could say is that it seems it would be very hard to hunt ducks without the caller and decoy here, ive only seen a couple flying about normally.
FaceFun works fine with my webcam.  I also use it with OBS.    Please keep making improvements and adding new features.
A new card expansion DLC adding new Yaks? Wow, take my money$. Love this game and all support Devs keep adding to keep it fresh! All Faeria DLCs are worth the money.
The purchase includes 10 urns (40 cards), so you can unlock all the new cards in the DLC with a few nights of play.
should be cheaper
Cool cards and nice cosmetic items.
Many interesting new cards! But I have to say once release half of the cards could break the balance of game.
Dont be put off by negative reviews, not enough people review this game on Steam so it can be heavily miss leading.   Great game. Decent expansion. I definitely prefer Fall of Everlife. I also do not like that only half the colours get cards and other half have to wait another month. Thats a major bad deal for people that only play one or two colours. I hope you dont do this for another expansion. Id prefer it to be a mix of all colours like Fall of Everlife.
I like the new cards. Not one of them is overwhelming, the developers are sticking with keeping the core set the primary cards you need to create decks, with the expansions really being more flavor than anything else. While so far, they have only released 2 colors, I am greatly anticipating seeing the rest of the expansion in October
WOW.  I love management games and this game is fantastic.  For $10 this is an incredible value.
Fun little game :)  Not really much more i can say about it  Its simple click controls and not really that taxing  to play , you probably wont rack up 100s of hours but you'll certainly loose an afternoon to this little gem
its great fun to play
I love to site back and just relax most days when im not at work and this game is easy to pick up and play for a few and save and put it back down.
Fantastic premise and execution! I play alot of sports management games and this has been the sort of game i have wanted for a long time and this one is great! got completely absorbed in it and lost a full night building up my prize fighter, this came is a whole lot of fun.
Graphics are a bit basic and the game has a real 8 bit feel. Beyond that it is actually quite fun. You get to build up your fighters as you work them up the ranks and make more money as you go. Just started playing so I haven't seen everything yet. Even without help it is simple enough to figure out.  Value for price paid 20/20 Graphics/Sound 5/20 Fun level 15/20 Learning curve 15/20 Replayability 15/20 Total 70/100   
I love this game. I truly do. However are here a few points I'd like to have addressed: - the end game is boring (maybe allow to sign more than 5 boxers) - you stack up tons of cash in the end - the scoring system within a fight sucks (four K.O.s in a single round at it is judged against me)  this is whats on top of my head, if I think longer about, there's plenty more things I'd love to see added
Gotta admit. It was better than I expected, found myself losing time to the game. That's what I go to a game for. Thanks Devs.
Great more fun than i expected
Has a good balance between total micromanaging and depthless press to wins that so many of these types of games fall into. The fighting is a fun palette cleanser and is something to train for. Overall fun game with a slightly annoying menu to figure out (the icon in the top right brings up a menu that repairs things, and I sat there for a long time not knowing why some of my gear wouldn't work until I realized that not always does the repair icon pop up) Other than that, it's a great game  and a good time sink.
Not a particularly in-depth game. But, if you like the idea of training and promoting boxers, then watching them pummel the competition, this is the game for you.
Hey everyone, this is the coach here (in the voice of Rocky's coach). I just wanted to say how much fun it is startin up your own fightin gym! You start with recruiting. At first, the lazy bums need to be whipped into shape. They will hold onto silly material things like free time and families, but eventually they come around. Once they win a few fights, they forget they even had families and train all the time. Now, if yous is lookin to start your own fightin gym likes I did, then you betta listen up! Your gonna need money and equipment. You gotta upgrade skills n fancy stuff like dat. If you're cool like me den you got a big stereo that plays all the cool new 80s fight songs! Hits straight off the radio! Now, you got ya gym, ya fightas, you can train them and all that jazz. Just follow ya heart, kid! Soon, you'll all be as addicted to running your own fighting gym as good ol coach here... Soon you'll be living out ya dreams like Rocky!  In all seriousness, this is a very fun game! I'm gonna give it 10/10! It is extremely addictive, hard to tear myself away! It is both relaxing and rewarding, and this is the perfect sort of game to relax with at night (or whenever). The fighting system involves strategy, you have to plan your fighting style for each round carefully. You really feel like the coach of these fighters, it is surprisingly immersive! I enjoy the in-game music thoroughly, and the equipment system is cool. It may seem tough with finances at first, but don't be afraid dip to -$5000, because "coach will cover it on the Amex" more or less. Of course, you gotta pay coach back. What I mean is that when you are below 0 dollars, you can only repair things (which puts you further in the red). You can't buy new stuff with less than 0 dollars. That being said, with 1 dollar, you can buy a $12,000 piece of equipment! You will earn the money back over time if you begin winning fights, the big event fights earn you great money! So early game, don't be afraid to dig yourself into debt a bit, because you can recover over time. Good luck everyone, I hope you all enjoy this game as much as I do! I will certainly be back on time and time again! Very well made, bravo!
After watching a YouTuber showcasing this little fun gem.  I said to myself, "Sure...Why not?"  I purchase this game two days ago.  I have been playing it for 2 day straight over the weekend.  I would have never guessed that this game is sooo addicting.
overall fun game. would like to see more options to upgrade the gym
Awesome boxing tycoon game! I'm addicted to training new boxers and watching them compete!  
Great game, not short either, building up your boxers and fighting your way up the rankings is so much fun!
It's like Punch Club and Basement had a wild night together.
Oddly enough, this boxing simulator has a certain rough charm to it. Let's be honest the game doesn't look pretty. However the mechanics of the game do have all the right things going for it to be a pretty decent simulation.
i like the game  but by 1 task i can t understand its the upgrade promotion (manager task) im from germanie ind i dont now waht i need to do pls support tell me waht i ned to do
I was not expecting this! So much fun.  A nice retro feel to the game, if you are in to that. Some bugs here and there, but not any game breaking ones that I have seen. The lack of tutorial is anoying, you have to figure out everything, or is this part of there master plan? The game is very repetetive and will not be suited for everyone, wiht that in mind. I'm having a blast so far anyway. Hope you will too.
[h1]Bug Report[/h1] This game is quiet nice, very good to leave your time. But there are some very bad bugs: [u]The first bug[/u] is, that you can not complete the Manager Tasks, when you have purchased the Objective already, or if you done it already. Example [spoiler9I have the quest "Renovate the Gym" but i did this already and cant get the quest completet...[/spoiler] [u]And there is some other:[/u] Sometimes you have the bug, that you have to buy the things for your gym again :/ I dont know why this is happening but if it happens, there is just this repair animation. I would say, this game have a huge potential and a good chance to become famous. I like it :)
Game mechanics aren't obvious, and no tutorial to explain anything. It might seem like such a simple game wouldn't need explaining, but that's assuming the game mechanics function the way one would expect--which they often do not.  Frustrating lack of control on some things.  Downright ridiculous lack of balancing. Who is going to want a fighter with the majority of their skills couched in defensive moves that require rrandomly getting lucky and defending against the right hit so they can counter? The counter attack does the same amount of damage as a regular hit, which has far fewer requirements for success. This is basic math, how could the developers get this so wrong?  Here's another good one: I just lost a match by decision, 47 to 21!!!! Get this: I wasn't knocked down a single time, and I knocked the opponent down 4 times. I suspect you get massive points for landing ulitmate moves? Because I STILL don't have one unlocked, yet every boxer I am faced against has it unlocked already.  Strange bugs. For example: despite the tooltip saying my speech failure rate is 15-20%, I've failed all but 4 of the last 37 days of speeches.  I see potential here, but the developers need to tighten some things up and add a bit more strategy. The only reason why I'm clicking thumbs up right now is because it's priced fairly for what they're offering. If they don't fix the very obvious problems, this is a 5 dollar game though.
Funny, self-deprecating and honest.  This game has still a long way to go, even if it can stand on its own to feet (and punch its own weight:-)
Boxing School is what it says it is in the description and it delivers.  Now, don't expect it to be a super detailed finicky boxing manager simulator. It's not. You get yourself a promising boxer with as many stars as possible (max of 5) and train his abilities. Put him on a training equipment, wait till the stamina is down, send him home, end day. Repeat.  In between you can send him to fights. There are 3 competiion levels from amateur to pro. In every level you have to fight end boss and win to get to the next competion level. The more fights you win, the more money you get. The fights itself can only be influenced in corner talks. Where you besically define if the boxer is aggressive, defensive, should hit the body or the head.  Invest the money into equipment, staff (that level up the boxer faster in one trait) or in promoting fights so you get better ticket sales. After every fight, boxer and manager gets xp. The boxer can be upgraded with better skills, the manager has a variety of skills to choose from (better training boosts, heal faster after fights, better sponsors, etc.)  I now played 12 hours and intend to play more. Yes, there is only one bug that I came across so far and there is an easy workaround. The forums are quiet and the devs aren't as engaged as I would like them to be but it is a fun, casual game with short playthrough times / not a lot content.
This is an unpolished game that is nevertheless entertaining for me.  The lack of polish is most apparent in the UI and the sense of missing gameplay elements.  However, the fundamentals are there, the game is stable, and the graphics and sound support the retro feel of the game well.    I hope the developers stick with this game to smooth out the flow of the UI and add the missing gameplay features.  But as it is now, I feel I've gotten my money's worth.    One additional note:  If you have little patience for grinding, this isn't the game for you.  The grinding elements could be made more tolerable with an improved UI and additional gameplay or adjustments to the early pacing of the game.  But be aware that as the game stands, you will have a stretch of repetitive gameplay in the early to mid levels of the game.  As the mid game moves to late game, there's enough additional elements of gameplay to make the decisions facing you a bit more interesting.
Fun and addictive!  Sign boxers, train them, promote their fights. Repeat.
Good Game! I had a lot of fun. 7.5/10 Personal Score!
Since the days of the C-64 Boxing Manager i am waiting for a good Boxing Manager game.  The only thing that could convince me to get a Gaming Console wouldn't be a certain Wild West Game, but Fight Night.  This little Indie Game is more fun than half of the often fullprice crap i bought in the last 30 years in this genre.  could it be deeper? i think so  ̶(̶a̶̶l̶̶t̶̶h̶̶o̶̶u̶̶g̶̶h̶̶t̶̶ ̶̶i̶̶ ̶̶a̶̶m̶̶ ̶̶j̶̶u̶̶s̶̶t̶̶ ̶̶c̶̶h̶̶a̶̶m̶̶p̶̶ ̶̶o̶̶f̶̶ ̶̶t̶̶h̶̶e̶̶ ̶̶f̶̶i̶̶r̶̶s̶̶t̶̶ ̶̶l̶̶e̶̶a̶̶g̶̶u̶̶e̶̶,̶̶ ̶̶s̶̶o̶̶ ̶̶i̶̶ ̶̶d̶̶i̶̶d̶̶n̶'̶t̶̶ ̶̶s̶̶a̶̶w̶̶ ̶̶t̶̶h̶̶a̶̶t̶̶ ̶̶m̶̶u̶̶c̶̶h̶̶ ̶̶i̶̶ ̶̶g̶̶u̶̶e̶̶s̶̶s̶)̶.̶   (intensive playing for 15 hours, my Slugger Tank just became world champion)   On the upside the game is self explaining and the manager tasks give you a hint what to do next, if you should get stuck anyway. So it is easy to learn the ropes if you are older than 6 years.  Could it look nicer? For sure, but then it wouldn't be Indie and therefore made by facktards like EA and therefore i would have to pay the repairs on my training furniture in real money.  Great punch for the money with hopefully some more stuff to come. Solid litte game, worth its money.
Great little game worth a try, especially at that price. Simple to learn with surprisingly some degree of depth to it. Graphics are fine, music is varied enough that most will find something they like. Coming back to a saved game and within a few menus you know right where you left off and what to do next. Simply said, one of those games that'll have you say "one more turn and I'm done" for hours on end. Addicting and quite fun! A definite recommendation for anyone that enjoys manager type games.
Good game, just need more update and more explanation about things so people can understand game mechanics better
Overall I would rate this game a 9/10 if you like casual tycoon like games. This is the one for you as you develop your own boxers and really put them to the test. At first it can seem a bit grind heavy trying to balance stat training with your condtion for fighting but, once you get the hang of the schedule that's when you start to become succesful. I really enjoy the game and for features to come. Right now it's the same style of grind until your fighter hits the next tier yet, i'm still very excited when my manager or boxer earns an upgrade point. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a fighting/strategy simulator. 10/10 on flying animation from big knockouts.
Ive been interested in a Boxing Management game for a long time.  This version is interesting but would like it to be more challenging, this is what i would like to see in the game to make it more challenging:  Day time hours of business so myself as the main coach/manager gets 8 hours to use to coach with and each training routine has a range of training hours attached so maybe a rookie that isnt as fit cant use the gym for as long as a top ranked boxer. Rookie to use weights takes an hour to perform a routine on weights where as a top ranked boxer hes routine would take 3 hours, so as your boxers get better your 8 hours gets used up quicker so it becomes harder to keep your boxers happy, unless you can higher personel trainers to help with each boxer to keep them happy. i hope you understand what im saying, currently its too each to keep 5 boxers happy and you have unlimited time to train each boxer each day, I know they get tired and cant train anymore but its too easy to keep everyone happy.  Your boxers dont show up in the top contenders list it would be nice to see a proper ranking system and your boxers are able to challenge each other to try and become better ranked than each other. something basic like 10pts for wining a match and you loose 10 points for loosing a match and you can only challenge the champ if your in the top 3 contenders.  Anyway i hope you do plan to add more to the game.
its a really fun addictive game, needs more polish, a great game to play when you are playing other games with friends and seeing a bit of down time, Enjoy and when this isssue gets fixed i will change my review.  wait a few patches
I like it. I played it for two hours straight the first time I turned it on.  Slightly confusing with the training because it looks like a stat is maxed out because the color is fill but then it goes up if I train it sometimes if its the main stat.  I still think it would be fun if there was no boxing type or potential. Instead you could name the style yourself and train the boxer in anything without a cap, or at least a very high cap. That would make experimenting with fighters way more interesting with more replay value. Regardless, I stil think its fun.
I don't normally leave reviews, although i should. But in my opinion this is an an ok game. From the makers of Gladiator School, which i love, It's fun and I love the artstyle. I definitely think it could use some more content tho. There is no penalty for being out of money apparently, and the meter your supposed to fill to rank up acts like a slider, which i''m pretty sure is unintentional.  I would love to see some updates for this game and some features that definitely need to be balanced and changed. This game has some serious potential and i can't wait to see what they do with it.
So i like the idea of the game. and ive played very little. but the screen is black and i cant see anything other than the HUD. id like to help you get this fixed. send me an email and ill send you screen shots. barlow8585@gmail.com or contact me through steem if you are more comfortable with that
fun game hopefully will get some improvements
Nice game, Love the pace of the game. this game is like gladiator school with i love.
The game is very good just take a look at the youtube videos. They helped me figure out how to plat he game. The biggest key here is training The more training your boxers get the better they will win and the more the money will make. But remember training is the key.
This game has been fairly entertaining for the short amount of time I have played.  It doesn't really have any instructions per-se, but it isn't very hard to figure out.  Some of the game can seem pretty "grindy" due to trying to get your skills maxed out for your current weight class.  Howver, it is still fun.  If you are looking for a game that is entertaining and a decent time sink, then this might be the game for you.
This is an amazing game its really fun and enjoyable game i defineltley recomend this game to anyone.
Pretty fun game, it just launched but 3 hours in and plenty of fun, little grind id say, but low content but yet it just launched, in the future will be more diverse and more content i hope! 7/10
This is Star Control soundtrack at his best! Regularly listening it in my car! If you like Star Control 2 soundtrack you will like Star Control Origins one. Recommended
Summary: Simply put, this original game soundtrack is a hit. A must have not only for any Star Control fan but in general for anyone with a good taste for the electronic music genre.  Composed by the team of four super-talented musicians including two of the composers of the critically acclaimed soundtrack from the Star Control II game, this album contains 45 wonderful tracks, the majority of which is an absolutely new material, as well as a couple of unique remixes of the music tracks present in Star Control Origins and in Star Control II.  By now I have listened to it for more than 30 times in the least and I must say, it is easily one of the best-buys I've had on Steam. SC:O OST is probably the first game soundtrack I have ever listened to where I cannot pinpoint any obviously sub-par or annoying tracks (which even the mentioned SC2, as well as SC3 OSTs had). Moreover it has been extremely hard to pick the best songs in it either. The OST is amazingly well done - not many games are out there that can brag with having such an evenly excellent music. All in all - it is a very smooth quality OST which is available in both 320 kbps MP3 and in lossless FLAC format. I am absolutely convinced that it has benefitted from having several composers team-up, each contributing their own styles and ideas which, however, neatly merged into a smooth homogeneous album experience, so that no parts stood out as even slightly unsuitable for the concept of the album and the game in general.   I sincerely hope there is much more of the similar composing greatness to come either from the team-up or individually in the future, especially for the game we all love - Star Control.
Another fine offering from Ms. Mia. In this case, there are two paths to go down. One of anger, the other of pity. Both revolve around Salieka wanting to find a woman who saved her life long ago. From her love for her, whether requited or not. Unfortunately for Salieka, whatever her cycle, her tale will end tragically.
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 
Wasted opportunity. I gave it a positive but I'm disappointed.  When I first heard about the remake I was really excited as I'm huge fan and played this and the second part a lot, some 30 years ago.  I hoped for: fixed mechanics, adjusted visuals (I always hated the way hero looks while jumping) some additions/improvements like map or any hints to where your objective is. I got: same (if not worse) mechanics, same (if not worse) visuals.  - The main menu is just horrid. - Enhanced graphics looks like drawn by someone who launched Photoshop (or any other drawing software) for the first time and just started with this game. - Sound is ok, but I really hoped for some SID/AY chip stylized music.   There is one game on all consoles out there in similar retro style which did it correctly, it is called Rock Boshers, so  I can only imagine what this game could have been if it was done with the same care.
If you liked Saboteur! in the 8 bit era, you'll like this version. It brings us the original mission back plus a longer mission. I played the original game in my CPC464 when I was a kid and it's exactly the same feeling with some extras. Also, it's fun to play the original game missions with changed graphics. If you weren't a kid in the '80s, your satisfaction will depend on how much interested you are in videogames history.
This was my very first game I had ever played. This created my love for technology and gaming. I am more than thrilled that it was released on Steam. I managed to finish the classic part of the game, but I am stuck in the new stages. But that is the charm of this game...  Thank you for bringing the memories back. I have to add that playing an old game with the right audio it feels like the first time.
This is absolutely fantastic. One of the first games I ever played. After all those years it's still kicking! 
This game changed my life. Working long hours, bored out of my mind, all that is on my mind is coming home to play Hailey for countless hours. Slowly passing my endless hours of life, dragging the four most amazing letters onto a chess board an connecting them based on an unparalleled strategy that without the right attitude can induce raging anger. But if you blast the soothing Zen music your heartrate will slow and you will be back to the calm state that freezes time allowing you to play for hours on end. 10/10 - an amazing game with true originality.
Okay, this is epically.  The Nyakuza Metro is a really fun chapter, and Online Party is the frosting on the cake. Well worth the money. Stickers and emotes are really funny. Bonus points for getting routed into the game's speedrun.
Just bought it. Cant wait go for  amazing adventures again with that girl :)))))
Nyakuza Metro features 10 time pieces to collect as well as many new cosmetics for your character. The Nyakuza Metro chapter is set in a fun world and feels like it is made with a lot of care. It's visuals are good and the Metro is interesting to explore. This DLC is pretty quick to complete, I found most of the content in one sitting. Overall a high quality addition to the game. Online Party is fun to mess around with but I don't play with others often enough to fully utilize it. Buy this DLC if you're looking for a great excuse to play A Hat in Time more.
stupid cat didn't have to extort me out of all my time pieces
In start contrast to the other DLC (Seal the Deal), Nyakuza Metro is of extremely high quality through-and-through.  Chapter 7 (the world it adds) might be the best world in the entire game, even.  I have nothing but praise for it.
there where cats and I hit things with a bat
Cat loli. That's it. if u like lolis and cats then this dlc is for you. Hat kid is mine, i claimed her. you cant
Cat slavery.
Had to admit, after the somewhat-disappointing showing that was Seal the Deal, I was a little apprehensive about the second DLC. The trailer dropped and it seemed very good, though I still tempered my expectations.  I am very pleased to report that Nyakuza Metro lives up to the standards of the main game and is well worth the purchase. The level is expansive, dripping with charm and personality. There was so much clear love and effort placed into the creation of this DLC and it shows. I'm especially pleased that the new outfits are quite smartly placed at various vendors rather than stuck behind difficult challenges in Death Wish; the way it should've been in Seal the Deal, honestly. Stickers are also a fun little side collectible.  My only disappointment is that there's no real final boss fight, and occasionally there's some cases of arbitrary death planes or weird position resets. Other than that, however, Nyakuza Metro is wonderful fun and very much worth your time.
This is what Seal The Deal should have been. Great level, tons of time pieces to collect, and the missions don't feel like I'm dragging a rusty spoon along my taint like they did in Seal the Deal. Feels very in place in A Hat in Time, would recommend.
I got hardcore addicted to the main game, and bought this when I could.  So, a few things to note.  It's a pretty quick DLC - I think you can get through it in one sitting, you get plenty of different paints to buy, and some cosmetic outfits, and just a few patches that don't really change much other than visuals..   The DLC itself is beautiful, when I first saw the aesthetics, I fell in love instantly.. aaand thats about it. I adore this DLC for the looks, the content itself however was very.. eh. Story wise, you were just running around everywhere playing fetch with, as far as I'm aware, fake reward for bringing back the time pieces.. No boss fight, despite the baddie being really well animated and showed real potential. They do elude to something down in the future, but till that day comes, if ever,  I think it'll leave just a little bit of a bitter taste in my mouth.    The layout of the map is aesthetic af, but atleast for me, I'm not sure for others, I got lost and confused really easily. You'd think color coded doors would be easy to understand but I found myself getting lost and confused constantly as everywhere lead back to a main hub, and routes I was supposed to go weren't too obvious or clear. You have to be very observant for ledges to climb and basically keep track of where all entrances and exits of color coded doors are just incase you need to back track for whatever reason.  They offer a guide ingame basically, but it costs like, 100 pons each for a direct "follow the line" guide to a time piece. If you splurged all your current pons on cosmetics, ya might wanna go farm for pons elsewhere if you actually need help lmfao.  All n all, I did like it, I adore the adorable kitten outfit, but this was ever so slightly disappointing with no real ending.  I'd still suggest this if you want more content.
Well worth the price and a new super huge free roaming map with new gameplay additions, such as buying food from vendors, which refills your health, or if you find special combo items on the menu, you get an extra 5th health point. Subway Passes to open up previously explored areas of the map, and Stickers, which you can use in the photo mode or as emotes through the new emote menu.  50 Player Online is real fuckin hilarious, but also worth it for private sessions with friends. Plus, mods work with it, and as long as you and a friend have the same color or costume mods, you can use anything. Same goes with maps.  Best DLC so far.
---{Graphics}--- ☐ You forget what reality is ☑ Beautiful ☐ Good ☐ Decent ☐ Bad ☐ Don‘t look too long at it ☐ Paint.exe  ---{Gameplay}---  ☑ Very good ☐ Good ☐ It‘s just gameplay ☐ Mehh ☐ Starring at walls is better ☐ Just don‘t  ---{Audio}--- ☑ Eargasm ☐ Very good ☐ Good ☐ Not too bad ☐ Bad ☐ Earrape  ---{PC Requirements}--- ☐ Check if you can run paint ☐ Potato ☑ Decent ☐ Fast ☐ Rich boiiiiii ☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer  ---{Difficulity}--- ☐ Just press ‚A‘ ☐ Easy ☑ Significant brain usage ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☐ Difficult ☐ Dark Souls   ---{Story}--- ☐ Story? ☐ Text or Audio floating around ☐ Average ☐ Good ☐ Lovely ☑ It‘ll replace your life   ---{Game Time}--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee ☐ Short ☐ Average ☐ Long ☑ To infinity and beyond  ---{Price}--- ☐ It’s free! ☑ Worth the price ☐ If u have some spare money left ☐ Not recommended ☐ You could also just burn your money   ---{Bugs}--- ☐ Never heard of ☑ Minor bugs ☐ Can get annoying ☐ ARK: Survival Evolved ☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
DAMN.. Easily one of the best dlc I've ever played in a game - AMAZING
not seal the deal
Best level in the game
Following the disaster that was Seal the Deal, I was nervous going into Nyakuza Metro. Particularly since I had to actually pay this time, I wanted an experience that lasted a sizable time, and also, you know, was fun. And thankfully, I got what I wanted. Nyakuza Metro is one of the best DLCs I've played in a while, not only for its base content, but how it feels like a natural extension of what Hat in Time set out to be.  You can also dress up Hat Kid in a burger hat, so its an instant 5 stars from me.
The Nyakuza DLC felt a bit disapointing at first but grew up on me with time. The update includes a new world with 9 time pieces, a new Time Rift, an online mode, many cosmetics and badges, stickers that can be used as taunts or in photo mode, a revamped photo mode and being able to start a new game as Bow Kid.  Only the new world, Time Rift, stickers and Online mode are included in the DLC, the rest is free.  The Nyakuza Metro is a beautiful new location which feels very lively and huge. You free roam in it to find time pieces and encounter stickers and cosmetics sellers along the way which are absolutly amazing. The new hats and costumes are great and the new Peace and Tranquility Anywhere badge is amazing. The level design is pretty good even tho it's mostly platforming challenges without much dialogue unlike Battle of The Birds or other worlds from the rest of the game. The finale was underwhelming and felt rushed but other than that, it's a very fun world to explore and looks beautiful with bright neon colors.  The Time Rift is fairly simple. It's in a roomba factory and is kind of forgetable, but so are every time rifts so it's alright I guess.  The online mode was mistaken by many (including me) for an online coop, which it isn't. It's more of an MMO style lobby mode where you can see and interact with other players but they cannot interact with your world. At first it felt just like an afterthought but once I started a new game as Bow Kid with online enabled in the "12345" lobby (which is the one with the most people), it was a great experience. It makes the game feel more lively and it's always fun to see other players while minding your own buisness.  The new photo mode is great. It lets you take full control of the FOV, depth of field and its intensity, Hat/Bow Kid's expression and her pose. It even lets you add stickers and convert the image as a GIF ! It's a much better photo mode and I'm glad Gears for Breakfast took the time to update it.   I really recommend this DLC. It's a very fun time even tho it's a bit pricey but tbh the game is so good I don't mind giving extra money to the devs. Grab it to play with friends have a good time !
Yes.
it's the cat's meow! :3
Guys, I haven't even gotten to play it yet, and I downloaded it and there's no computer moniter in the beaker room. I seriously don't know what to do, and I've completed the game, and I have 36 time pieces. Any suggestions?
A good expansion, with a couple of disappointments.   The new levels have some awesome platforming and makes use of all the hats, but they only build on what was already in the game with out really adding anything new. They're a blast to play though, but I was hoping for something really new and unique to this expansion. Where Seal the Deal had the delivering game, the only new mechanic here is collecting blue pons to open some doors.  I loved the world and characters. You really get the sense of getting lost in a foreign city, but the game never truly lets you get lost. Every path leads somewhere, making exploring every corner rewarding. Free roam works great for this game and I wish all of the base game levels had been free roam. The cats around the city all have something to say and there's some good jokes, I especially loved the reviews you see some of them typing. There's some hidden nods to Japanese pop culture and gaming sprinkled throughout as well.  My biggest disappointment was with the story. The Empress is a great character and the story has a great hook and really quickly sucks you into this criminal underworld, but there's no payoff. It ends abruptly and anticlimactically with not even a boss fight. However, it does possibly hint at more to come with this story, and I hope there is.  I haven't had a chance to try out the online party mode, but when I do I'll update this review if there's anything worth mentioning.  All in all, if you loved the base game then you'll love this, just don't expect anything radically different.
Worth it something rare i say for any DLC  and thumps up for that anime Pic
Oh my god it's amazing. I wasn't a huge fan of Seal the Deal but this. This I highly recommend.
Is good
Once again, Gears for Breakfast had done a magnificent job. Their new content, humorous jokes and ALSO satisfying the fans for adding the 50 ppl online.  Well, MOST games struggle to mixed with the Asian culture within the game content, it always falls between two stool.And to my surprise, this games have merge both sides pretty well. [spoiler]At least i didn't found anything cringy about Aisan jokes in the map or the food[/spoiler]
Worth buying if you liked the base game and want more.
good authentic 'english chips'
very good i like
This is amazing.
Nyakuza Metro is a super-cool looking and sounding addition for A Hat In Time, it's got some extremely slick production values and from the instant you touch it, you're going to love the world and want to go exploring it. And it's intended to be explored, there's a "guide" mode so you don't get lost, but the game encourages you not to use it.  Sadly, the gameplay just doesn't work as well as it should work, and has been working in the core game and Seal The Deal.  The main issue is really the camera, it has trouble with the enclosed areas of Nyakuza Metro where it often bumps into walls and other obstructions, which are nowhere near as prevalent in the rest of the game which primarily features open areas.  The second issue is that for a game that's meant to be explored, it really doesn't feel like it wants you to. Outside of the core area, every sub-area is basically a straight line, with no crossovers, and on the occasions where it *looks* like you might be able to explore or take a fun shortcut, the game harshly pushes you back in line with a fade-to-black and loss of a health chunk.  Nyakuza Metro would likely have worked better, mechanically, as an open city with criss-crossing metro lines, like an underground Mafia Island with more cats(want to pet those train cats, btw, they are the cutest.), than its eventual incarnation.  Still, I don't regret buying it, especially for the additions to the B-Side Soundtrack(though I think you get those if you own it even if you don't own Nyakuza Metro). But anyone looking to buy NM should be aware of these minor issues. If you struggled with the platforming in the base game, NM is probably where the game's platforming gets toughest outside of the Alpine levels in the base. Though sadly not because of intentional difficulty, mostly just because of the game's engine not quite fitting the design concept.  And as a personal disappointment, one of the great parts of Seal The Deal was getting more of the characters from the base game that we all wanted more of, but none of them make any appearances in Nyakuza Metro unless I overlooked them, which is kind of a shame.  Still, grab NM, soak in the atmosphere. The pros absolutely outweigh the cons.  PS: Disable the goddamn emote wheel or you'll go insane when it interrupts a jump for the 50th time plummeting you into an abyss.
The Nyakuza Metro DLC for A Hat in Time adds an entirely new chapter to the game and introduces the online party mode so you can play with your friends online. The Nyakuza Metro part of the game is incredibly well made with fully lip-synced characters and excellent animations you can tell that a lot of effort was put into this DLC. The online part of this DLC hosts parties that can fit up to fifty people, and with that amount, there's virtually no limit to what you can do. I'd definitely recommend this DLC for those who desire more from the story in A Hat in Time and I'd also recommend this DLC if you want to play this game with your friends online.
The game itself is really beautiful. I've seen few of the DLC's of this game not being quite good rated, but this one is really great. The level design is incredible. There are so many things around and new things to buy, the soundtrack is amazing too. I just love this concept, the animations and idea about this whole DLC. This DLC, in my opinion, is really amazing and successful, and I highly recommend it.
the levels look stunning, great atmosphere that gives off splatoon 2 octo dlc vibes, the cutscenes are cool cause they got actual animation, the music is beautiful (shoutout to the track Nyakuza Manholes which is an absolute masterpiece) and theres a bunch of cosmetics that are really cool, especially the whole nyakuza outfit, and baseball bat   the gameplay itself isnt necessarily bad, it just feels kinda easy, and theres no actual boss fight in the finale (although there is a hidden mini boss) but exploring the gorgeous metro makes up for it   havent really tried online party, honestly its just an added bonus  overall 4/5
Bwoo Bob Bwoo BOB!!!!!
hattle royale
-WHOA THERE ARE MORE MOVING BEINGS NEAT -STICKERS ARE LIKE FOR PRESCHOOL BUT GIMME THAT ONE CUZ IT'S RIGHT THERE -DODGING CAT MISSILES WHAT IS THIS SONIC THE HEDGEHOG -BOSS FIGHT IS COOKING CAT WHICH MAKES ME SAD CUZ SHE'S MY FAVORITE CHARACTER -SPOILER ALERT DON'T READ ANY OF THIS
I loved this new area. Train hopping was a fun way to get around and the metro itself is fairly intricate to explore. The stage is also very beautiful and appropriately long. Pretty good for $7 DLC.
hat kid is now cat
Beautiful, cute, hilarious new map and characters + awesome new content and customization. My only real complaint is the lack of a real climax to the chapter.
An absolutely WONDERFUL new map to explore, some great music, and fun items that I unfortunately could afford practically none of as I was doing this on a new playthrough and I was kinda broke so I was only able to afford the cat mask and baseball bat, which were still really nice.   However, I found the climax of it more frustrating than enjoyable because the trains are about 3 inches long and the hit detection on the signs is... less than stellar, so my enjoyment of it was kinda killed at that time, but other than that, everything in this DLC is just delightful.
cat crime
A nice little addition to the game, nothing wrong with it considering the the asking price.
Thank you AHiT   [h1] What's New? [/h1] A brand new map with 10 new time pieces, an extra Time Rift, and a new Death Wish New Characters and so much more!  [h1] Pros [/h1] The new soundtrack is fantastic! Rush Hour takes the show The world hub is amazing, so many visuals all at once! The new party system is a great way to meme around and make friends (Would you believe that me and some strangers spam [b] MYUERDER!!!!! [/b] for 5 minutes?) You can literally bust kneecaps for a living You can eat food and become Guy Fieri  Nearly almost everything about this DLC is great  [h1] Cons [/h1] [spoiler] The Ending is somewhat a let down, just a chase scene with rockets and cats following you until you reach the end. Unless you count the secret boss fight the real finale, I won't blame you [/spoiler] Having a Low End PC for this DLC is probably a bad Idea, Your game will freeze for like 3 minutes straight after launching into the map. before you get this DLC, get an upgrade or just configure your settings to low  [h1] Conclusion [/h1] It's Outstanding! Everything about this DLC fills me with Joy and I Highly recommend it! 9/10 Cat Crime Award  (Pre-Ordering this was a great idea)
Fantastic environment with lots to do in it. Stickers are fun, the new outfits are great, & the online is the good kind of chaotic.  Also Cat Crime.
A lot better than the first DLC. If you liked the base game, this is a must play.  Pros: - Gorgeous East Asian cyberpunk like setting. - Huge sandbox with 10 time pieces to collect. Tons of other collectibles too, including 55 stickers and new variants of each hat type + some completely new costumes such as the varsity jacket. - Online party mode. Play through any level in the game with other players.  Cons: - The story is minimal and there's no boss (just a short chase for the finale). - Camera glitches in the narrow train tunnels.
This DLC is so great! the new dyes, flairs, that it is freeroam and the new fast food staions and the stickers! The cat trains are really cute.
I can be a pussy
Enjoyable, funny, however this free roam map is even easier than the free roam map in the base game.  I was hoping for a boss fight and while the finale we got was intense, it ended too abruptly.(Even if it was funny)  I didn't try the online as I don't typically play online games with strangers if ever.  Get on sale.
Some mixed feelings here, but overall positive and well worth $7. Probably one of the weaker chapters in the game, though.  Positives: - The world design is incredible. The atmosphere, colors, sounds, etc. are stunning. It is in my opinion the most aesthetically pleasing world in the game. - The platforming gameplay was really fun, namely with the cat trains and the platforming surrounding that. - The stickers, new outfits, etc. are very fun. I also enjoyed buying each food item and listening to the relaxing, almost ASMR description of it. - Everything is, as usual, fully voice acted, and it is very well done. Contrasting this to the very beginning of the base game, it's really cool to see how far they've come with pure production value. - The music is also really nice.  Negatives: - Dreadfully terrible ending... if you want to call it that. I would go so far to say that it's unfinished. It just kinda cuts off after 9 time pieces and kicks you out. It has no satisfying ending or conclusion, no bossfight, nothing. I'm honestly not sure what happened here. I guess there is a chase scene that could be considered climactic, but I was still very surprised to see the level end after that part. It would be like if Subcon Forest didn't have the Snatcher bossfight, and just ended without context right after the mansion part. That's how jarring this was. - There's also a few spots where it will reset/damage you for jumping down where it doesn't really make sense. During a few parts it was hard to figure out where it would punish you for jumping down to or not.  Other notes (decided to remove these from negative): - The map is a tad convoluted, but you'll get used to it after a while. You can turn on guiding lines if you want, but I advise not doing that. Just wander around for a bit. - It's very short. You can easily finish this all in 2 or 3 hours. This is a one-sitting DLC.  Overall, I had a good time, and I think it's worth $7. I have no regrets pre-ordering this. I just really hope they iron out the lack of an ending, perhaps with a Part 2 to this mission, which I would be more than happy to pay another $7 to play. Or at least to patch in a proper bossfight and conclusion at some point.
[h1]Good for weebs and non weebs. Good game fun.[/h1] [spoiler] Don't hit The Empress. [/spoiler] Online is somewhat iffy and makes the game a bit slower, but it's really fun. Especially in 12345 where there are a ton of people saying [spoiler]peck[/spoiler] or watch out.  Although the DLC doesn't give a TON of playtime, it is rather fun. I like the addition of food, and more health. I used to have 10k+ Pons, but then I found the food stands and went down to 6k in around 3-4 hours playtime. Mostly because food, but also because of the new clothing and dyes. Oh, and the Nyakuza Outfit is cute. I also like the addition of the new cutscenes and all the new animations and the ability to communicate with other players.  It's quite difficult to navigate around at first, but don't worry. In the center of it all there's a guide map you can get for around 100 pons. It turned off after one use, but I already could find my way around after that. I super duper recommend this DLC because it's really fun and adds quite a bit to the experience.
Literally what I wanted Seal the Deal to be. An actual full act of content on par or even better than all the other main ones. I'd recommend playing without the guide arrow, though, makes the DLC much more enjoyable. Also, online party is the most fun I've had with this game in forever.  I only wish online party had a bit more to it, private lobbies with lobby settings, maybe a race gamemode with a timer. Also kinda wish you could actually see other peoples' outfits other than dyes. Other than that, it's overall an amazing DLC.
I liked the part where i was bullying other players with the ice hat while spamming emotes. 10/10 would peck again
Just worth it, even just for the online shenanigans. 
[h1] Nyakuza Metro review [/h1]  Chapter:  Nyakuza metro was a fun chapter with a decent amount of time pieces and very nice progression system in the form of metro cards. Haven't tried any of the new badges, dyes or hat flairs yet (except for the gang hat) so i'm not going to say anything about them until I do. I've actually been eyeing the purple time rift for awhile, so I was ecstatic when i saw it was in the new dlc! The purple time rift is a pretty good standard purple time rift with an actually surprisingly tough Rumbi enemy. The food system was good too i like how you can mix two different foods get a combo and get rewarded for it (some combos are actually pretty tough). [spoiler] The finale I thought was really well done too, it starts off with you stealing your time pieces back, her catching you and putting a bounty on you so her gang members can catch you for her. Eventually you don't get caught (obviously) and she come down wITH A F****** SHOULDER MOUNTED ROCKET LAUNCHER! And I'm not gonna spoil the ending just in case you're someone who doesn't care about spoilers, because I thought it was legitimately funny. [/spoiler]  Online Play:  Haven't played, will edit when played.  Other Things (Stickers, Glitches, etc):  I think stickers are a pretty cool addition, being able to put them on screenshots, your weapon, and using them as emotes for online play. However, there's a glitch which makes it so I'm unable to pick up certain stickers, if I knock a sticker off a wall, then try to pick it up, I can't. Also when I got on after installing it, all my pons disappeared.  Overall:  Nyakuza Metro is a nice chapter with some cool new mechanics (and a few new glitches).
God tier DLC.
nice
EDIT: Changing this to positive, while I have my criticisms, I still recommend it. And after toying with the online, its been working with no issues.  I'm torn on this DLC. This took about an hour to complete.  A good (if short, minus collectible hunting) level. Boss felt a bit underwhelming, didn't feel like we got any real "moments" with the character. While pretty, this one just felt a tad lazy compared to the other levels, and somehow costs more than Seal the Deal. While the level looks great, a lot of the assets feel very reused and samey. Once you do the first mission, the rest are more of the same, in a different color terminal. i was hoping for more mechanics with the price tag.  Everyone I've ran into online has been in the standard costume, standing still, and eventually disappears without any interaction. Online shenanigans sound fun, but don't really have a purpose to the gameplay. Plus it didn't really seem to work anyways.  I'm sure the mods will be great, though.
The level design is consistent with the base game quality which is enough for me, but nothing special. What I don't like is how there's no boss and the ending is bad....  I still recommend it, but if you can, get it on sale.
I'm gonna be focusing on Nyakuza Metro for this review. I haven't invested much time in Online Party due to a lack of friends who own the game.  So the first problem right out of the gate is that there's a lot of moving objects in this new level, and it's enough to push my potato of a computer to its limits. People with stronger rigs probably won't be experiencing what I did, but I went through a bunch of long load times, lag, freezing and the rare crash while playing this level.   Performance aside, part of me feels like this piece of DLC would probably work better as its own game. It's got a spectacular level design that feels sprawling and nonlinear when it really isn't, and for the first few moments you play it feels lived in and alive. Once you explore the entire level, find all the stickers and buy all the goodies, the level is quick to usher you out, but the finale left me a little unsatisfied. Maybe it's because we haven't gotten an actual new and creative boss fight since the game came out. I was fully expecting to give the Empress a good old-fashioned beatdown, one that would at least rival the one we gave Snatcher who knows how long ago, but instead we get a Carmelita Fox chase sequence. Oh, well. Next DLC, perhaps?  Most of the 'new' clothing options, badges and camera filters feel a little pointless. I'm honestly wish the game had a way to sort all of them so I can pick the ones I prefer, and it makes me wish the developers had integrated some of the more quality mods into the game, like the hoverdash badge and the health regen badge. The one badge I was glad to see implemented doesn't serve any practical use in completing the level (nothing that you buy in this level does), but it's still fun to watch my display freak out while Hat Kid dances in place.  I really like the new music. It really fits the bustling underground Japanese metropolis feel this level is going for. Speaking of which, Rumbi Factory is a pretty interesting Purple Rift. There's real potential for environmental storytelling in that level, and the picture book gives a lot of insight into Rumbi's character.  It probably looks like I'm rapping on this DLC too much, but honestly, I enjoyed it while it lasted. I just wish some things were different, and that it lasted longer. My mileage here is gone until I can find some friends to mess around with, but if you're here solely for Nyakuza, I think it's more enjoyable than not.
Great DLC. Much better than Seal the Deal, so make sure to pick this one up if you're a fan of the original game!
I will start with if you like the base game I think this DLC is well worth the asking price. It has a lot of meat on it's bones and has all the charm of the original game. It is also a step up from how short the last DLC was. I will warn you if you are looking in to buying it it is a very big and sprawling open world level so if you are the type to get lost easily you will need to buy the guide at the main kiosk.
I still haven't even got through everything yet but the humor, the stickers, the emotes, the outfits/dyes and the visual design by itself are pure joy. Hat Kid saying Trans Rights is a plus too, always nice to see some positivity in this dreadful gaming community
Nyakuza 😂😂😂😂😂 GET IT?! 😂😂😂😂😂
Nyakuza is an excellent DLC and another good addition to a hat in time. The 50 player co-op is very subtle, which i personally like, seeing someone on their journey as hat kid as you, yourself make that same journey is just really cool and special to this game. Would recommend
Like the train dodge parts in Mirror's Edge, except with cats.  Might be worth playing with the first person mod once mods are re-enabled.
Great DLC, haven't even tried the online party mode and I feel I got my moneys worth from just the single player stuff! 
Just played through it, love it. Though I’m not gonna be satisfied until you release the soundtrack like you did for the base game.
I REALLY LOVE DIS THE BEST DLC AND THE BEST GAME OF ALL TIME ALSO HAVING FUN PLAYING WITH 50 HAT KIDS LIKE THROWING MONEYS TROLL SPAMMING STICKERS AND GLITCHES XD In party room named peck
Amazing map, nice outfit and dyes, awesome music and a really cool boss
Actually kept me entertained and coming back to play and online party is amazing :))
The Nyakuza Metro + Online Play DLC for A Hat in Time adds a new free roam area to the game that requires the dweller hat to access. The new 'lobby room' in the spaceship also features another relic stand to use to display any completed relics. The DLC also features stickers that can be found while exploring that act as 'emotes' alongside the normal voice commands since they display the sticker above you, the player, and also play a custom voice clip. New dyes and outfit skins are also available for purchase in the DLC from vendors that you will find all over the metro. My one gripe (which is [b]very[/b] minor) about this DLC is that while exploring the metro is that you will come across a LGBT Transgender flag painted onto a brick wall after wall jumping up to an area; This isn't a big deal with me since I have nothing against the LGBT community, let alone Transgender individuals, [i]however[/i] I would appreciate it real-world politics to stay out of games since they don't have a place to be there in the first place. This overall just brings out a toxic fight over whether or not the game developers are pushing their agenda on their player base.
Best $7 I've spent and super proud to support this game.  Hope the story can be continued. Feels like we just scratched the surface.  Also apparently people are complaining about graffiti of a certain flag.  I have no idea WTF they're talking about, I've been all over the Metro and never found it.  I don't care about a hidden image in a game nobody will ever see, I can protest against those kind of people in real life.
MYERDERRRR
[h1] I like it it seems like a step in the right direction [/h1]  However, I feel that the online functionality is half baked and in need of a lot of tweaking. In defense of the developers (how I loathe them so.) They only got online functionality to work thanks to Valve. However there's a lot of things that don't work still and I want to work.  *Major online Errors   -Crashes!  -Some platforms and balloons are synced! this albiet, is funny. However this is a great way to ruin someones death wish.   -Sometimes online will just bug out and not display people properly. I've had my friend stand still and bully me while being invisible.  *Minor online Errors  -Hats do not change for online players, this is semi acceptable  -Most the Nyakuza cosmetic items don't work unless its reskin paint. The only visible online items, are reskin paints. No raincoats, parade outfits, etc. This seems a bit half baked and It feels like they pulled a bethesda, releasing the online before being finished. If they fix this, I have no complaints. Stuff like Shadowpuppet, and transcendence wont even work for other online players  [h1] Nyakuza Metro DLC itself [/h1]  This is a great direction while not being as interesting as the main plat of the game, and some things just feel slapped in. The music is in a great direction as always, the Nyakuza Metro feels lively, and I like many of the details to it. Stickers especially are cool. Really cool!   The Main villain really could have been brushed up more they are missing quite a few things to flesh them out. All we know is we get here and hey main villain! That's it. It feels rushed. There's no build up or why they're so bad. There's not even a time rift to explain it. All we know is they are just bad evil villain. Couldn't even have them tie up Space Penguins from the movie set and have some mafia type brawl stuff, could you have? There's no influx of power to show the main villain they're just there. That's it. Everyone works for them. No clue how.  But hey! this is a platformer apparently story doesnt matter. I liked the Trains and all the stuff hidden about. I liked the cat dialogue on the side! I rarely heard them repeat themselves, that's a lot of dialogue! I like how confusing the level was until I had played through it once or twice or 3 times, even then its still minorly confusing. I liked the finale however I feel it could have been fleshed out more, she doesnt even turn the bazook- just appears, and bazook's ya'. I liked the joke behind food being narrated, however I felt it could have been done better with the ability to skip it. I heard the joke once, I dont need to hear it again. Though I suppose my thumb needed to work out and mash the A button more, no?  Anywho, I recommend it, its $7, seal the deal is trash, hot trash. So Given this is what I'll call the first official DLC, its good for what it is.
Big thumbs up for trans flag
This DLC adds a world that is on par with the quality of the base game worlds, plus the multiplayer mode is a lot of fun as well and works on every level! This also allows for playable Bow Kid if you've beaten the game + own the previous DLC as well. Very much worth the $7!
this is some furry sh*t right here
Alright so here's what you get for $7.   You get ten new time pieces to collect: 1 is a gimme which is easy to get once you reach the main area of the DLC, 7 are scavenger hunt where you have to explore the metro to find them (each section will tell you if you got the time pieces from it), 1 is after defeating the final phase, and 1 is in the purple time rift.  Stickers are a new thing which lets you have Hat Kid shout something relating to the sticker, my favorite being "DOWN WITH THE MAFIA!" but you have to find them. If you want to be extra fancy, try finding the Holo stickers which are rainbow variants of the already existing stickers. The game will let you know if one appeared from time to time after completing a mission.  Online multiplayer is a thing now. Some missions allow for objectives to be completed in a cooperative manner (like the mail delivery service where if one person throws mail at one of the minions, it counts for everyone) but other times it won't (boss fights are player specific so you will see a bunch of people "hitting air" as they won't see what you are seeing). One big thing though is now you can dance with other people, then be a jerk and beat bash some with a bat and watch chaos ensue as everyone starts beating each other with bats and brellas. Don't recommend doing a more public room unless you are fine with potential griefers as there are some who like to beat you with a bat while fighting a boss.  There are also some hidden stuff like a hidden deathwish on the DLC map which rewards a special sticker, some more Death wish coins, and a hidden boss in reference to the Yakuza game.   (Skip this part I put in between the "---" if you want to avoid political stuff)   ---- Now for the elephant in the room: The graffiti that resembles a trans rights flag. As someone who disagrees with the trans movement (I am for their right to be trans btw. I just don't agree with it like how I am for people to be whatever religion they want, even if I don't agree with it) I will say this: this is blown WAAAYYYY too out of proportion as this literally doesn't affect the DLC in any way, shape, or form.  This DLC is about a little girl who is kind of like a Time Lord collecting time pieces in an area controlled by the Nyakuza. She is forced to join them and collect the time pieces and forced to fork them over until she finds a chance to steal them back so she can go back home. It has nothing to do with transgenderism. Besides first time I saw it I didn't even make the connection anyways as it looked like messy colors on the wall.  If you are one of those people who tell people to stop being a crybaby about the American flag, then don't be one about the trans flag. Seriously, this is coming from someone who leans right on the political spectrum and is pro American and pro freedom of speech. If the developers wanted to put in an obscure reference (I call it obscure since normal people won't even notice it unless you point it out), they have every right to do so. It's only in one spot and there are no other places with transgenderism references.  Hell I have to put up with people posting stuff like this in Splatoon 2 all the time and I don't stop playing it because of it. Why? Because it isn't a game about things I disagree with. Neither is a Hat in Time. Just agree to disagree and move on and don't be a different flavor of an SJW.   TL;DR: Grow up and enjoy the game. One obscure political reference doesn't ruin the game. -----  Now with that out of the way, overall I rate this a 9.5/10. Half a point off for the fact that people can disrupt your gameplay by shoving you around with bats (even by accident) and can cost you some health if they pushed you off a platform or into an enemy.  I just wish there was a way to play this DLC again without going through having to do another save file and collect another 20 time pieces.
This should've been five bucks in all honesty, finished within an hour and thought the boss was anti-climatic and doing the same mission over and over just in a different location was a drag and got tiring quickly; Had fun but that falls short when it's over quickly The online is what you expect for the first week, It'll improve but for now it's just fine. I'd say wait until it's on sale but it's fun DLC nevertheless
There are people, in this day and age, who get so offended over a flag that they resort to shitposting for free, for multiple days in a row. That A hat in time can cause this much hilarity with so little effort is proof of the greatness of the craftsman behind its creation.  Peace and Tranquility for days
While the first DLC wasn't completely able to live up to the quality of the base game, Nyakuza Metro is excellent. Not only is this chapter beautiful graphically, but due to its vertical nature allows players to utilise all of Hat Kid's abilities to their fullest extent. Like chapter 4, players are given the freedom to tackle any time piece when they would like from the beginning. With more cosmetics and a new form of collectable in the form of stickers; you're rewarded and compelled to explore every area you come across.   Online functionalities have also been added. With this DLC you can play the entire game with up to 50 players, which is ridiculous but also kind of fantastic. It's stupid and silly, but it's delightful to watch tens of players crash into each other during a tough platforming segment. Each sticker can also be used in communications between players and with some rare holographic stickers to find, it makes platforming and exploration even more rewarding.   Overall, this is worth it for any fan of Hat in Time. A perfect comeback.
Great DLC!
Cool. But the online features shoulda... kinda had more features like server list or categories or y'know, ANYTHING that would improve the multiplayer
unless you get offended by paint on a wall, then this DLC is for you!
The new chapter is pretty neat. It's fun and looks great.  I absolutely love the villain but I wish the final battle would've been a bit better. It just kinda, ends.  As for the online party thing, it's still pretty rough. You can see other players but not all outfits and hats are synced which is kind of a bummer. I hope they fix it in the future.  All in all, the DLC's alright. It doesn't cost too much and if they make some tweaks to the online party, it'll definitely be worth the money.   [spoiler]Also, trans rights![/spoiler]
This DLC is perfect. I loved every second of it. I love the area, and love everything about it. I also like the way you unlock it, because it’s right before the finale. So you have a new area to explore instead of backtracking to get 25 time pieces. I love the soundtrack for this DLC, and when i saw the trailer for this DLC, it made me want the game, and so now it’s my favorite game, so yeah it’s a good dlc and really makes the game better.
best chapter ever made and online makes the game enjoyable in a new way. Worth it 100%
Yes.
the only complaint i have about the aesthetics is that they went too overboard with the bumpyness of floors and walls, making them look way too wet, but other than that it's a great looking area.  it's large but not as painful as alpine skyline to navigate, and there's enough stuff to do everywhere that you won't find yourself walking nonstop for ages: stickers, cosmetic shops, fast foods scattered everywhere. decent balance overall  performance is the biggest issue - it runs way worse than every other map except for maybe owl express and uses way more vram, but it's understandable for an open area with so much packed into it  as for the multiplayer, it's nice for hanging out with friends and goofing around, but keep in mind that you can't co-op missions or bosses - only movement is synced and you can only collide and push eachother, show off stickers, and send pre-defined sounds. also, this isn't like a MMORPG, you agree on a party name with your group of friends and they can join by setting your same party name. when playing an act with other people you can compete for score which is affected by pons and time pieces and probably other stuff. my favorite part of the online mode is that I get to see other people struggling with me at bosses.
Shut up about the transgender flag stuff and enjoy the damn game. Arguing about such trivial little things is just sad.
Massive improvement in quality over Seal The Deal and the base game, especially seen in cutscene animations and overall graphical quality. The ending seems to be a bit of a sequel hook- and this was the last-planned DLC chapter- so whether there's more DLC or a new game on the horizon, this left me wanting for more.
Good for playing. Good for the soul.  The only thing nasty about this DLC is the bassline in the Nyakuza Manholes.
Haven't finished this DLC yet but the people getting so worked up over a trans flag being painted on the wall in the metro are bigotted idiots.  I'm absolutely disgusted by some things I've been reading on the community discussions page, at the end of the day it's a stripey coloured square that doesn't change the game at all. If you can't look past a visual easter egg and it ruins the game for you, you need to take a break and go out into the real world for once and learn to accept not everyone has to do what you want.  I thought this games community was majority normal people who enjoy to play games from time to time not basement dwelling incels. If you're giving the devs grief over a flag on a wall, get a life.
too many cats 0/0
A fun DLC that I completed in about 2 or 3 hours. The world is fun to explore and very polished. In some ways, I feel like this has a level of polish the base game didn't have. But that's a whole other issue I have with a Hat in Time for some reason. Something about it makes it only feel half-way polished for me. The DLC does end abruptly I believe, unless I have to wait for something to happen. If that's the case, I expect we'll be seeing some content that finishes what we started in this DLC, whether it be new DLC or a game in the future announced.
The second DLC is much better than "Seal The Deal". The metro is a big, open area which you're allowed to explore in Free Roam Mode like Alpine Skyline. You can enable the option to get directions to the time pieces, but I wouldn't recommend that. Exploring the metro is amazing and even without directions, the pieces are pretty easily found. The DLC also gave a ton of new outfits, stickers and dyes for customization, as well as new Badges and filter for the camera mode.  And of course, the online mode is worth the price alone. Dancing with 50 other people in the spaceship while saying "Egg." is the best addition this game could've gotten.  All in all: cat crime/10. 
Great DLC, the new area is very enjoyable to explore. You'll have a great time committing some cat crimes.
So far I'm absolutely loving the new DLC. I haven't had a chance to play around too much with the online multiplayer aspect, but the freeroam area is a nice change of pace to the usual episodic style the other chapters have.  The only MAJOR complaint I have is that the emotes are mapped to L3.  Stopping dead in my tracks due to pressing the joystick in just a little too far has killed me more times than I can count in Death Wish recently, and I'm not sure if there's a way to remap it just yet.
Worth it for the online alone 
For seven dollars, I’ve been able to make Hat Kid say “egg” on command and make a cult in multiplayer that involves crawling around in the space ship.  Gears for Breakfast managed to put out another quality piece of DLC, that is much better than Seal the Deal.  But please, for the love of God, do NOT go on the Steam discussions for the base game right now. Just... Don’t.
This dlc adds a lot to the table the new level has about 7 time pieces and 1 time rift and a lot of bloody stickers to find as well as a lot of paint and flairs from the community and plus you have online multiplayer and you can play with 50 people online!
its more hat in time
Finally, I get to play this game and have people "spectate me" when I'm playing as well as "spectate them" :P The online is super fun, it just feel cozy to have people around you while playing a levell like the "Alpine boring zone" And well the chapter is amazing, I loved the entire playthrough even tho the ending felt like the seal the deal stage, but who cares about endings when the journey itself was so worth it!? :D
c a t   c r i m e  10 cat crimes commited out of 10
I haven't even played this yet, but Imma gonna post a review anyway, cause I'm SOOOO FRICKEN EXCITED TO PLAY
Tons of fun and the online is pretty good too The train cats are also adorable
An aesthetically pleasing DLC that provides approximately 2-5 hours of gameplay with the new time pieces, customization options and indulging in the immersive environment that Nyakuza Metro provides. The music creates a Neo Tokyo vibe that meshes well with the level design of a hub world in a night-focused train station in Japan. The levels are gorgeous and are featured in a Free roam style where you can observe and indulge in the environment as you trek along to collect the Time Pieces. The game adds new customization skins, colors for your character, and multiple hats. (As a TF2 player, I went giddy with all of the customization options given with this update)  The DLC also features a small time rift of 5-6 small levels featuring the back story of the Rumbis and how they came to fruition.   A must-pickup if you completed "A Hat in Time" and felt a craving for more.   Now I'm going back to eventually finish the Seal the Deal DLC.    
Explain this atheists
now this a good dlc, love the stickers, the new world, the new costumes, the new online mode, everything's great until it all ends (it is quite short)
Fantastic addition to the main game!  Nyakua Metro itself is a fun, colourful chapter, though by no means difficult. The visuals and soundtrack are top notch, making for a great atmosphere that feels distinct from the rest of the game. If one takes the time to smell the flowers, it is a very pleasant chapter, but the more discerning player may find the challenge and engagement to be lacking. The other additions are nice, with cool new cosmetics and some cheeky little references and easter eggs. Unfortunately, the finale is a little disappointing and leaves the chapter feeling unfinished, but overall, I found the chapter to be much more enjoyable than the Arctic Cruise from Seal the Deal.  Online Party is an interesting interpretation of online co-operative play. In its current state, it is more of a mode to mess around in than anything else. Most things are client sided, which means proper co-op is not really possible, as objectives and the such must be completed by every player separately. However, make no mistake, the mode is still a ton of fun. Having 10+ Hat Kids just zooming around, spamming emotes, and beating each other up is priceless. There is no text or voice chat, which does make it difficult to communicate, but it also makes every interaction feel wholesome and pure, since every encounter is basically comprised of children making noises, crawling around one another, and dancing together. It is true that other than messing around, there is not much depth to the game mode, but it is still a very welcome addition to the base game.  To conclude, Nyakuza Metro is definitely a worthy addition to a Hat in Time. Go get it and become a cat in crime!
Despite having less content than Seal the Deal, I liked this one more for it's aesthetics and pushing of the Unreal engine than anything. The Metro is fun to explore even after you've finished collecting the time pieces. Stickers are a fun adjunct collectible and the new costumes are so cute.
Most of my thoughts on this it seems are similar to everybody else's, but I do feel like it's worth saying anyways because this game is great. The actual setting and world of the DLC is fantastic, it completely stands out compared to all the other worlds and is actually pretty lengthy too. There are heaps of fantastic new cosmetic items to buy and unlock. And the characters, writing and sticker mechanics introduced are great too. Something else also worth mentioning is how impressed I am by how incredibly polished and beautiful the visuals, cutscenes, music, animations, the levels (ETC) look in this DLC, it almost looks out of place compared to the previous worlds. You can tell the devs have really come a long way since they first started working on this game.  ALTHOUGH - while I do understand everyone's criticisms of the multiplayer aspect of the DLC, I think they are also being a little unfair too, and should perhaps reconsider their criticisms. You want the game completely in sync with up to 50 players? That's 49 other players taking your items, getting in your way, defeating enemies that don't respawn and racing ahead of the level and beating it long before you even reach the half-way point. I heard someone say they wish the online played more like the split-screen co-op, and I agree. An online mode for say 2 or 2-4 players with more detailed syncing of each others games (like the local co-op) would be a great edition, in fact I REALLY hope they consider adding this.   But in saying that, I should also add that party mode itself is SO much fun. Being able to interact with up to 50 people side by side is great fun, and can get pretty hectic at times. I absolutely believe that this alone has increased the quality of the game by heaps, and has given me a lot of reasons to keep coming back to it still. And even when playing this with just one friend, I never felt as if having our enemies or some shit not syncing up really affected the experience that much. Although again, that is just me and I totally understand and agree with those unhappy with it.   Overall I can't recommend this DLC enough to fans of the game. If I had one criticism with the actual story content itself though, it would be that the finale seemed a little underwhelming, although I did find the ending to be pretty funny. I genuinely hope the devs listen to and understand the players input on this game/DLC, and I look forward to whatever else the future holds for this fantastic game.
I say this DLC is a huge improvement over Seal the Deal. While the latter only brought 3 acts and a super frustrating not-so-fun deathwish mode, Nyakuza Metro introduces a huge beautifully made underground metro with lots to explore and 10 Time Pieces, and a much anticipated online mode.  Plenty of areas to discover in a beautiful underground metro filled with colour (And them cat drawn trains are awesome). Lots of unlockables to find, new stickers and allot more dye and hat flair options. Great music that i feel fits in perfectly with the atmosphere. And i just gotta mention The Empress, who is perhaps the first and so far only character in Hat in Time to have Lip-Syncing (Atleast in the cutscenes featuring her), which looks nicer than having a static unmoving expression.   It also introduces a new Deathwish Challenge for Nyakuza Metro, but thank goodness it is just a Snatcher Coin challenge. No crazy super frustrating rage game please.
nyakuza metro was a bit short and a little too straightforward but the level was pretty and was enjoyable anyway  i like that you can buy lots of colors and hat flairs instead of having to gamble for them too  also online party bringing a chat wheel with peck being one of the options was something i never thought i needed until now
10 Time Pieces to collect in a completely new and original chapter, set in an underground metro system. The map is open for exploration the moment you start the chapter and is seriously huge.  Online Party allows you to play essentially Coop with not just your friends, but up to 50 people at a time. You can help each other or fight each other, or just have a race of who can finish a certain act first. To use this feature, all you need to do is enter a party name - everyone who enters the same party name will be in the same game as you. You can also choose to get occasional random visitors or disable the online feature completely.  Amazing DLC for an already amazing game.
Yeah, this got changed, again. 3rd time. So, here's the improvements:  - outfit synch -stable(er) - mods permitted(yes, EVERYONE CAN SEE YOUR MODS DURING PLAY, ITS GLORIOUS - action/non-enemy synch( THANK YOU)  Missing: -hat synch (hopefully we fix this soon) - enemy synch(hopefully optional but with the other changes, I can live without it!) - the ability to leave after acception a proposal to join - friend-locked games - the ability to lock people out  It's- it's fucking glorious. On the 13th, when these updates dropped, I didn't notice them and was still frusterated from my first few days of play. This....this is almost everything we wanted. I'm happy they've apparently listened and started making more things synched. Espically outfits. All outfits are now avaible for showing off!   Mods? I actually didn't expect to see them enabled for online display but boy howdy was it a welcome addition. Seeing a man in slow mo, mustache girl, someone flinging mail off their Snatcher Scooter....I can't wait to redownload my favs and see what I can do!   Now, griefing is actually still a problem but I don't think most players care. At this point most of us are far along and have nothing better to do then go around fucking with eachother.  And lacking a text chat....well, its good. I mean, don't get me wrong, having a good chat is fine and all but we have a good range of stickers to allow communication that doesn't need moderation but gets the point across.   Let's just say....a couple hours on 1 after the latest patch is a grand ol' time.      so, recap: This is now recomended and will stay that way. We still want: Optional enemy synch(if possible), a way to lock down personal servers, and hat synch.  Thank you, please don't do that to me again.
Yo. HAT KID-CHAAAAN~!
they gave her a baseball bat  she gave everyone else a concussion
One of the best 3D platforming games in recent years and I HIGHLY recommend this game if you love Mario 64 and the Original Banjo games
good but i spilled my drink
A new Hat in Time DLC!? That's all I need to know, shut up and take my money nyaaaoo!!!!  Nyakuza Metro is an additional full length level focused primarily on exploration and which also adds a truly massive amount of cosmetic items and online social nonsense. I recommend it but with my only two criticisms being that the platforming goals on the moving trains are occasionally not very well conveyed leading to a few cheap deaths and that I'm not happy with where they mapped the social emotes on my 360 controller because I end up activating it accidentally mid-jump far too often.
This is a great dlc. Compared to Seal the Deal, it was more fun, more interesting, and more... more. It had more stuff to do and was fun to find. The problem I will say is that it was almost too easy. The Metro doesn't have any unique time piece level besides the final which is just mostly the same as the rest. I will say that I LOVE this; it's simple fun jumping and running and I can't get enough of just jumping around the metro, but on the other hand the time pieces were just not interesting to find. Time pieces don't feel satisfying to get and always end the same with the boss asking for another just after. Online Party is just streamer bait, it was made for some jackass like RTGame to make another "50 players do blah blah blah give me views" stream to make bank in 2 seconds, but it was still kinda fun to fuck around with other players and show off my wowza sticker.  In the end, I do recommend this dlc for all the fun additions, but expect to get bored quick. Definitely better than Seal the Deal though.
Excellent chapter overflowing with charm. Online party mode was surprisingly smooth and very entertaining with others. Definitely worth the money.
Cat Crime
10/10 i really liked the story in this new DLC and the new location is awesome! plus online party makes the game more fun with friends and strangers.
An awesome DLC, better than the ship one (not better than Death Wish mode tho, I think)  The 50 people online party is a huge thing, even it slows the game a bit
It's a good quality new chapter with really nice, detailed environment design. If you're into exploration you'll surely like it. The stickers were a fun idea for new collectables, and the new 'gear' (dyes/clothes/whatnot) is all top notch - Yakuza Hat Kid - nuff said. Overall I definitely enjoyed the DLC and it fits right in with the rest of the game.  HOWEVER that being said, I do have some criticisms of it. I thought it would have been nice to have more objectives than plain exploration for the majority of the areas - most of the time you just go to point X to fetch a time piece, although you're fairly free to choose how you do it. I think it would've been nice if they had different kinds of missions fully utilizing all the areas to give it more variety. The final chapter was also somewhat disappointing and could've used a proper boss battle, it gave the feeling that it ended too soon. Even though the exploration probably took around 4 hrs to fully finish it still felt a bit too little. Cause I really liked exploring all these gorgeous areas, but once it was done, there wasn't much else to do.  I think that Seal the Deal offered way more gameplay content in comparison thanks to Death Wish. However this one also comes with online mode and features, so that adds more value (didn't get to properly try it yet, but hoping to check out later). It's pretty fun interacting even with randoms in your game though.
This is one of those cases where I wish there was a "mixed" button on reviews. I'm only gonna be discussing the Nyakuza Metro chapter here.  Pros: -Very pretty atmosphere and charming setting. -Tons more goodies and cosmetics to collect. -The food system is clever. -Yakuza easter egg.  Cons: -While the world is nice, nothing really ever gets explained, at least story-wise. Not even through a time-rift storybook. All that's really given to you is that the boss wants the time pieces for no reason in particular. This chapter's story probably would've benefited from more interaction with the boss rather than just "Ok go get the next one" every time you get one. It's got a bit of Alpine Skyline syndrome in terms of character interaction. -The world is [b]VERY[/b] poorly optimized. I hope this gets fixed in a patch, but even on the lowest settings the main station tends to cause massive frame drops and freezes very frequently. Meanwhile I get a perfect 60 fps in all other chapters of the game. -Very anti-climactic ending. It's one of those cases where you just say "wait, that's it?" -Stickers are not very fun to find, as they're alot harder to see than your average collectible, and the compass badge only gives you a vague direction of where they are. (It spazzes out and points in various directions in a certain area)  I'd give this DLC a [b]6/10[/b] Like even Arctic Cruise has more character interaction and story explained to you, and that chapter only has three levels. But this chapter gets the content/cosmetics and platforming right at least.
I almost died of a cuteness overdose.
topkek
Nyakuza Metro really is a step up from Seal the Deal. It has both quantity and quality. The place looks gorgeous, navigating the metro is fun, the new outfits and colors are neat so are the stickers, It's cheap to boot. Definitely recommend if you like Hat in Time.
I have to say this DLC was really enjoyable, the level has such a great design to it from the neon colours everywhere to the really cool and fun platforming.  Outfits and dyes are cool, some are a little bit underwhelming but I still like them, the Nyakuza outfit is now my all time favorite along with the cat mask and ears brewing hat.  One thing I knew that Gears For Breakfast wouldn't fail on is the soundtrack, it has to be one of the most beautiful and catchy soundtracks I have ever heard.  One thing I noticed very quickly is how much the animation has improved just looking at the main antagonist from the shop, it's has a lot more life compared with some of the base game characters, Keep it up Gears for Breakfast.  And lastly the online aspect of the DLC is something I have been wanting since they shown splitscreen co-op and I was jumping with joy when they revealed it, my only main complaint for it is some stuff is out of sync, I understand some stuff to prevent grief but I would love it if they sync up some stuff like when some one changes hat and most importantly make bosses synced up so it feels like we are fighting the same one.  Overall I highly recommend this DLC, I would say it's worth the money it's priced at.
I spent about six hours doing nothing but booping people, spamming stickers, and engaging in various gang wars with other people in the Metro.  Nyakuza/10, would break the law again.
I am surprized that people from discussions didn't come here, and dont started to complain about trans flag.
The content in this DLC is on-par with AHiT's previous DLC Seal the Deal, although with slightly less content. The focus this time has clearly been placed on making the new level as visually comprehensive as possible, as well as making the platforming and challenges stand out from the base game, both things that the Arctic Cruise from StD wasn't quite committed to accomplishing. The level itself is very interesting to look at, and a lot of work went into animating the cats (especially Empress) and is definitely on-par with and maybe surpasses the level of complexity and difficulty of at least the base game. The difficulty is about the same as any of the base game worlds. Nyakuza Metro is more of Hat in Time, and it delivers exactly on that. The guest track by Nelward was a nice bonus, too.  Online Party adds random matchmaking to the game, as well as a "co-operative" experience that doesn't really feel feature complete as of writing this (2 days post release). It's clear that it's a huge experiment, but so far it seems to be going well. Don't buy this for the co-op unless you're streaming, or something, because it doesn't really feel "done". It's not as good a deal as Seal the Deal, but it was an alright DLC for $7, so, I can't complain, really.  As an aside, it continues to bum me out that the Captain from Seal the Deal and Empress from this DLC haven't been retroactively added to the game's finale, nor the seals or cat-burglars, but that's OK, I suppose.  BASE GAME: 8.5/10 SEAL THE DEAL: 6/10 (but good value) NYAKUZA METRO: 7/10 (but worse value)
Ryuu ga gotoku easteregg brings memories back!
very good but i spilled my tea
Still considered to be the best of all DLC's. The ending is a little big lackluster, but the option to further costumize and transverse the metro is amazing. This is what they should continue doing.
Thoroughly enjoyable, but somewhat short DLC.  If you love a Hat in Time as much as I do, it's totally worth the money (about the price of lunch, or half a cinema ticket) just be warned that there's maybe only 2-4 hours or so of new content.  The online play is neat, but I don't really think it provides any long term appeal for the game unless you have a bunch of friends who enjoy speedrunning.
Love how this dlc lets you order from food carts, has super cute flairs, and stickers!
"Note: Some game features are deliberately not synced in Online Party, to avoid griefing"  You might want to change 'some' to 'every' because absolutely nothing is synced online except for pons. Very misleading on your part.  I'd prefer 4 player online with the world synced like it us in local coop compared to 50 ghost players who have no effect on your world.  As for the Metro level, it was a beautifully designed level so I have no issues thete but the ending was quite underwhelming.  I'll give it a 6/10. It's an okay Dlc.
-As soon as i downloaded this all my mods dissapeared
Absolutely fantastic. The main storyline is quite weak and rushed, and the finale is very underwhelming, but it does include far better animation than the rest of the game, and the world itself is the most well-realised and the most fun to explore of any so far. The only other gripe I have is that I wish they'd keep politics out of their game and not have that flag.
Gotta say, This DLC has massively blue balled me in the end (story wise). I will say it was definitely worth the price though. The area is a lot of fun to traverse. Got few good hours of game play out of it without focusing on collecting everything and just doing the main missions.
After Seal the Deal's... disappointment with the new chapter, I was skeptical of this DLC's quality, yes it looked good, but so did Seal the Deal, so I had my fingers crossed like crazy, please don't suck!  And thankfully, this DLC is really good.  [h1] Pros [/h1]  Without a doubt, Nyakuza Metro is one of the best maps I have ever experienced and the best in the game, it looks amazing, it gives you the same freedom of exploration as Alpine Skyline, where there are no missions, just explore the city to find time pieces, and you go through a neon lit city, with giant cats as trains (seriously who ever came up with this, give them a raise, I love it!) with many restaurants to buy food, and much more, the Metro is great and I love running around in it.  A whole bunch of new customization options! Including a new bat for Hat Kid's Umbrella, to new clothing, hats, flair, badges and the new emote stickers useable in single and multiplayer! Nyakuza introduced a lot of new options!  Music is fantastic in this stage, giving a nice Asian kick to normal Hat in Time soundtrack.  Online CO-OP is fun! Shame it locked behind the DLC though.  I really like the new villain, who is the head of the Nyakuza.  [b] Please note [/b] while there might not be too many pros listed here, the ones I have listed are great, I cannot give them enough justice through writing alone, look on trailers, YouTube, or play the DLC yourself to get a proper taste of what I'm talking about.  [h1] Cons [/h1]  While Nyakuza Metro can be hard to navigate through on your first try if you choose not to use the new guide system, the stage is easy, since you're just running around with no direct objective, it does get more complex in some areas with platforming, but most players will not find much challenge here. But hey it beats Arctic Cruise any day.  There's a LOT of things to buy with pons, so if you enjoy farming pons (which sane people don't) then you're gonna need to start farming, the things you buy include the customization options listed above, metro passes, food and the guide, you'll need pons in about the thousands to obtain everything.  There isn't much enemies in the Metro, only the birds, rats and thieves, would have hoped there was more enemy types, but this is something all stages suffer with.  The map lags when you first play it, but it starts to stabilize the more you play it... I don't get it either.  [h1] Overall [/h1]  A fantastic DLC pack, I highly recommend it, the new stage is fantastic with some flaws, but they can easily be overlooked, Nyakuza Metro is the best stage in the game, and the addition of Online Party just makes this DLC a must have for me.
This review will focus on the new chapter, I haven't tried online yet (I have no friends).  So... Hat Kid goes to an underground world full of cats, gets hired by a Yakuza to find time pieces and exchange them for money. That's Nyakuza Metro in a nutshell. The level is well designed (maybe a bit heavy on modest computers and laptops), and is quite good looking (probably the best looking chapter of the game), the OST is nice, although not the best. One detail I liked are the cat cleaning robots, they make adorable cat-robot sounds (if that's even a thing).  I'd give that DLC a 9/10.
cats
I've waited so much for this DLC and I'm not disappointed. Also this review might contain spoilers, so be careful.   The new chapter, Nyakuza Metro, is a free roaming chapter, meaning it's up to you to choose what time piece you want to get first. The story is not too good, I mean it's not bad, the ending is kinda disappointing ([spoiler]ignore all the reviews that say there's no boss battle, there's a secret one, but I'll leave it up to you to find it. Anyways in the final level you have to dodge some rockets and open some doors with said rockets. I mean it's not bad, but it could o've been better[/spoiler]). There are also some cutscenes and I gotta say, they're really well done and the place itself is just beautiful, it makes you feel like you're in an actual metro station ([spoiler]also there's a secret train stage, thought I'd mention that as well[/spoiler]). The new dyes and flairs are just perfect. There are only 2 new outfits, one that everyone knows about and the other is a sweater ([spoiler]or a pillow you can climb inside[/spoiler]). There even are 2 TF2-inspired dyes, which, for a long-time TF2 fan, is just perfect. Also I can't ignore the bat. The bat is great, too bad it replaces the smug dance  Online mode is okay, too bad you can't see other people's outfits, nor can they see yours. I dunno why this happeneds but I hope it gets fixed. Other than that it's okay. The stickers are nice, they're fun to find, and can even be used to decorate your weapons.   Overall this DLC is really good, I'd reccomend it to anyone who likes trains, cats and easter eggs.   
[i]Lets start of with saying that I really enjoyed this DLC, and i do recommend getting it if you enjoyed the base game.[/i]  Now that we got that out of the way, some points to it + The atmosphere is AMAZING + MANY OF THE STICKERS COME WITH VOICE ACTING + I like Trains + Cats - Admittedly short, Story wise - Boss Battle is a bit lackluster  Some final things, this DLC is a bit more difficult then the missions in the base game, but its nowhere near the difficulty of "SEAL the DEAL" which might be a positive to some and a negative to others. If you're coming from "SEAL the DEAL" this will definitely be a cake walk for you, but i can guarantee that you will enjoy your time playing it.
i love cats very much
Beat the Mafia Join the Nyakuza
After beating the DLC i thought i should give an honest review. I loved it. The voice acting is top notch, the cutscenes are funny and to the point and the overall massive amounts of new content in the form of cosmetics and items are amazing. The Story of this DLC does leave a little to be desired, but if you are a fan of A Hat In Time like i am, and want more of it to play, this is the DLC for you
i like it
This DLC is amazing. I love everything in it, the music, the visuals, exploring the metro, the dialogue, the collectables etc. It was a blast to play and I highly recommend it for the $7 price tag. The online party stuff is a cool bonus too. I can't really think of any negatives off the top of my head. Overall I'm very impressed with this DLC.
This dlc was pretty fun, Being able to play online and access a new chapter, although. Other people see the world differently. So this dlc is still good but still has more downsides. Gears for breakfast didn't allow everybody to see the world the same. this is why: For a boss, you could ez-win by just 50 people hitting the boss at once. the bosses could be 50x or different for the amount of people do the boss. if you fix all of that, it's a good dlc.
I got a $40 dollar sticker thanks to this
It's cute, well thought out and the single player stuff is fantastic. The online is pretty underwhelming for the most part, and mostly just serves as somewhat f a spectator mode, There's leaderboard type stuff, but the syncing is kinda bad, the netcoding isn't perfect - and for anyone just wanting a tradtional online co-op experience, this aint for you.  That being said, it can be used to do lot's of cute stuff with friends, and that's kinda why i have the game to begin with; the fun stuff.  Not really into how the game actually plays, and as of this time - mods are disabled. I do enjoy it, I just care more for the modding scene. I also dislike having to pay for the outfit that's featured in all the trailers and stuff. quite a bit of pons, and since I don't really play a lot - I can't even hope to buy the outfit soon.  anyways, if you're into the game - you're gonna want this.  if you're new to the game - buy the base game, check it out - if it appeals to you, buy the seal the deal and nyakuza metro. you'll enjoy it. 
The world design is.....wow....I love the visuals of this DLC. The music is awesome to listen to while walking around the station, and I love the new cosmetic items. Despite the time pieces being on the back-burner for this DLC, being able to enjoy exploring the station was very much worth playing.     The cat puns are fucking awful though.
A great level with lots of exploration and open movement. When it flows together it's very satisfying.  As usual the music is amazing.  And the small story is great.  Only downside I found was the anticlimactic ending, which was a bit of a letdown with all of the buildup (though the buildup was fantastic)
Nyakuza Metro shows that the devs learned from their first DLC release. All of the fun aspects have been doubled, and the lame parts are long gone. Great levels, mechanics, environments, collectibles, etc. They even added some of the most popular community badges as canon in-game ones. 10/10
Spaceship hub interaction simulator
Fun
the nyakuza expansion is fine and dandy    but i bought this for the online multiplayer and i'm extremely dissappointed with that considering the fact that nothing syncs up and even the players in my experience hardly ever actually showed up in my screen correctly, frequently i would see my friends just running into a wall   edit: they're gonna fix it :D
Compared to the enormous number of levels in Death Wish, this DLC is much shorter: one full day is enouhg to finish all levels with some of the secrets. But those are extremely high quality levels. It's loaded with charm, fun concepts, and good level design. In general the new city is a blast to explore. The one flaw is that several levels end rather abruptly, and there's no real final boss.  Difficulty is about on par with Chapter 4 of the main game.
needs more voice variation on "peck" message. a text chat feature might be interesting. join "peck" for a good time and a happy ending. take a shot every time you softlock. multiplayer would be a lot more interesting if there were additional features in it though, like group activities. eagerly awaiting online pvp.  edit: there was a singleplayer addition?
ᴍᴍᴍᴍᴍᴍᴍᴍᴍᴍᴍ ʏ̭͎͕̼̳͝ᴇ̟̀s͓͎̥ ̺ᴄ͓̞͞ᴀ̙̬̖̦ᴛ̩̘́s҉̮
Short & Sweet! Just like Hat Kid :D   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPiU3Z7zVUo
:3
Seal the deal many people see as either lackluster, decent, bad or too difficult with few seeing it as good but Nyakuza Metro was a nice easy stroll through a large yet complicated free roam section through a cat filled metro. The restaurants all around the city with different combos and meals was actually a pretty refreshing take on healing items instead of just storing them in some magic box or backpack (even though hat kid has one) and most of the new dyes, flairs and features are great. If you don't know what station you're at the top right corner will tell you with a time piece and metro card counter which will be filled once you've acquired them and there is even a metro map bought near the jewelry store aka home base. What it did not as well was scattering all the cats reaaaaally far apart from eachother making it difficult to track them all down to obtain all the special reskins however if they have a car mask on you'll know it's a seller. The lack of a proper bossfight was also a bit disappointing but the rush hour escape was pretty cool showing how the empress has complete control of the lower metro with EVERY cat chasing you down and there is a miniboss that's decently tough actually at Green Clean station. The music was absolutely amazing as usual which seems to be GFB's strongest point and the addition of online party although buggy is pretty nice and i'd definitely recommend this DLC if you're looking for a cute, kneecapping, cat-filled, jewel-mafia, escape through a gangster metro.
Overall a great DLC. Great level and cosmetic design, fantastic soundtrack, and just overall fun. All though the ending was lackluster and online party is kind of underdeveloped. Better than Seal the Deal.
good
if you're planning on playing the online party mode, than plan on becoming best friends with the word "connecting", unless you are playing on a computer with the power of gods
I can't speak to the online party mode, but in terms of the DLC level itself, I'm very happy! The new area is fun to play and has a ton of atmosphere, and they definitely listened in terms of the criticism from Seal the Deal. The difficulty is basically just right, most of it is straightforward to manageable while some spots are kinda harrowing. And aside from the Time Rift, they avoided the temptation to include popular characters in it - it's actually all original content. They could stand to tighten up the code quality and hitboxes a little, but eh, it's nothing that wasn't a problem in the game before, so I don't consider that a DLC issue. Overall I'd recommend it highly, it's a worthy addition to the game and put a smile on my face.
This DLC is amazing and you should buy it  the level is a tad maze like, but other then that it has great platforming challenges and stuff.  Buy this and seal the deal to show the devs we want a dlc 3  oh and the online mode is more of a competitive then a cooperative mode, which in itself is fun, seeing who can beat a level better then other players, but I can see how some are disappointed in this mode  overall, this dlc gets a 10/10 from me.
A must have DLC for all Hat Kid fans in the World. Tons of collectables and most detailed area in the whole game. Awesome new completely shaped chapter. All my 3000 gems are gone and I still dont know if I got it all. Can you ask for more? Well you got it. Free roam up to 50 people that can interact with each other by emotes. Even if it is sometimes buggy, and not synched for multi it is overall great joy.  All the love goes into this <3
A bat in cat
nyaaaaaaa!
Alright so after playing through the entirety of this DLC, here are my thoughts.  This product adds a whole new, big chapter to [i]A Hat in Time[/i]: [i]Nyakuza Metro[/i]. And while the narration built around this chapter is in my opinion the weakest, it has astonishing animated cutscenes; while short and simple, the animation is top notch and a real visual treat. Compared to its predecessor [i]Seal the Deal[/i], there is much, MUCH more to do in this chapter. You'll find yourself running around, exploring the maze that is the metro, and dealing with the ton of elements moving everywhere, which all in all is really exciting. I have to say though, there's not that much variation in between missions; you could say it's all "go from point A to point B", even though the whole chapter's a huge open space, and point B never is indicated clearly. And despuite that, you can hardly get lost, as the way's always visible enough for you to know where to go, and I gotta give massive credits to Gears for Breakfast for that, as it doesn't sound that simple to set up. While it may sound boring to always do the same thing, GFB has been smart enough to put many different obstacles in your way and make things look different enough so grabbing time pieces feel rewarding each time you find a new one. And we're only scratching the surface there; the DLC also adds a lot, and I mean a LOT of cosmetics that you can buy all around the place (you'll have to have saved a fair amount of pons, though). And if that's not enough there even are fast foods where you can order your own menu! Did I even mention stickers? Really this product brings so, so much content to the game in one go it'll definitely keep you busy for hours. And it's not the kind of hardcore or repetitive content you could find elsewhere; it's new, it's fresh, and it's really entertaining.  And if all of that wasn't enough, the DLC also brings into place Online Play; you can now play with your friends without having to invite them over your place, and now it's not limited only to 2 players, but to 50! While getting parties that big lead up to chaos more than anything, it really shows that GFB wanted to make something really fun where everyone's invited to have an amazing time. After trying it myself, it definitely is really nice to be able to help your friends or just mess around with people with you. It really is an amazing touch that'll help the game living on for a long, long time (even though it wasn't needed, always appreciated nonetheless), not to mention the replayability it gets from this.  Now because you all saw this one coming... Yes, there's new stuff on Snatcher's side. This DLC adds only one Death Wish mission though, and compared to everything Seal the Deal put you through, you could almost clear it blindfolded. Which is not so bad, all things considered...  In terms of achievements and completion, achivements really aren't that hard to get. Most of them are trying out new stuff, messing around with the things you're given and just plain ol' fun! If you're a minimum curious you should get half of them naturally. Completing it can be a tad long because of all the stickers spread around (and the bonus extra rare stickers that tend to spawn every so often), but it's easily doable (and not required for any achievement, so that's plain ol' completion bonus - doesn't even affect your savefile's completion percentage). There also are online achievements, two of them are easily obtainable if you get a friend to play with, while the last one requires you to play with 10+ players simultaneously. It really isn't hard to achieve at all as of now, but when the game's popularity will decrease it may become a problem. But seeing how things are going you should have a few years to snag it. And if not, time to socialize and get many many AHiT friends!  [i]A Hat in Time - Nyakuza Metro + Online Party[/i] is what the game's all about. It's beautiful, it's cute, it's super polished, it has a lot of content, and by that I mean a TON of content, it's based on discovery and rewards the player for trying out a lot of things, and basically really fun to play through (and filled with many easter eggs too!). Heavily based on platforming, this series of "seek and [strike]destroy[/strike] collect" really feels amazing. I definitely recommend picking that DLC up, not to mention it also brings online play, which is a massive upgrade!
There was was too much sauce on the Pizza
Absolutely amazing! Much better than the first DLC! Love the design of the world and everything!  Multiplayer is also amazing! (Although there can be soft locks with 30-50 players in cases for missions like Down With The Mafia, but hopefully these will get patched soon.)  If you like AHiT and haven't got this DLC yet, I definitely would!
Meow, Meow! Nya~
Super dlc
one of the few dlcs that are actually worth the money you spend  good
A bit short but one hell of a DLC experiance for the price it costs. also a minor bug with the screen shakeing with a COOP play session
not seal the deal, already 100% better. basically it's a free roam level but it's not that huge or big. it's pretty short though, about 2 hours to get every time piece, but there's a ton of hats and collectibles (stickers) that you need to grind pons up for. pretty enjoyable though.
Awesome, nice big open area with a lot of exploration to do, a lot of details and good new stuff!
love this game and love this DLC been playing the DLC, about half way done :D Awesome would highly recommended 10/10.
I loved the level and all the new added collectibles you can now search for. The online mode seems to be focused on speed running the levels and getting first place and not so much "playing together", so that got old real quick. Still I can recommend this for the nice singleplayer content alone which, compared to the Seal the Deal DLC, isn't impossible this time!  TL;DR: Meow.
Many of these reviews argue that the chapter was short and that online coop does not work as expected. Compared to the base game the chapter passes by at a similar pace. The time pieces have linear paths, but this shouldn't surprise anyone, because this is just most of the game and how most platformers play to keep the focus on making the platforming the central focus. The platforming is where it shines as it feels good to make every jump and cat vacuum bounces are especially a clever mechanic with them being a regular bounce pad but in clever angles and moving entities. The ending is anti-climactic and I was hoping for a boss fight only to run the entire time. The cosmetics are essentially just a lot of integrated mods, but as long as we can see an improved modding community out of it, and these mods are available to those who did not purchase it, then the paid stability is well worth it. Finally, online coop, the non-syncing is a problem and most players would agree that not seeing the same entities is an issue. But item syncing would make the chapter go by faster and allow 49 people to complete a level by standing while one runs off to collect every piece.
Awesome, Just Awesome... This DLC is quite different from the rest of the game, it kinda feels like HIT 2 in terms of Graphics and the size of the map.  The cat crime cloth alone are worth the money, You also get extra chapter with it which is pretty neat.
Cant speak about the multiplayer (haven't yet tried it), but Nyakuza metro had it all right, ost, pacing, theme, colors, characters, collectibles! It took me around 2 and a half hours (or in one sitting) to get the time pieces, which isn't really that much, BUT WHO CARES?! I enjoyed every bit of those 2 and a half hours of content!
Nyakuza Metro is easily worth the price.  Its a complete new world with 8 time pieces (and more)  Seal the Deal spread its content over Death Wishes and Arctic Cruise but this DLC feels more complete.  If you like platforming and enjoyed the base game buy this.
Absolutely worth the wait for the Nyakuza metro, especially for the Online party A bit short though, but.. Both are pecking amazing!!!
(⌐■_■)b
wish i had friends for online party, add me if you want to play online party
Have not tried the multiplayer yet but the Nyakuza chapter was everything I was hoping it would be. The world looks amazing, the new outfits/dyes are very cute, and I love the stickers. The metro feels very nicely connected and as you progress you unlock shortcuts. The food trucks are a really nice addition as well.
Things it does better than seal the deal: - Aesthetically it's WAY cooler - Colour-coded metro stations make it a lot less confusing - Better outfit unlocks  - Better soundtrack - More time pieces  Things it doesn't do as well as seal the deal: - Noticeable lack of seals  Honestly I think it's a great DLC. The only problem I have with it is how abrupt the ending is, but besides that it's definitely worth getting.
C A T   C R I M E
A highly enjoyable piece of content.  I have much praise for this DLC, but I also have a few gripes with it.  It's visually stunning, if a bit cluttered at times. The bright neon works very well agains the desaturated buildings.  The new cosmetics are a great addition. The new hat looks that are introduced are up there as my personal favourites. I kind of hoped I would get to see more different weapon skins, but this is admittedly a minor gripe.   The platforming is great, just like in the base game, really. But now  high speed metros are in the mix. The speed of the platforming is upped when compared to the base game which is a welcome change in my eyes. Many platforming elements are a bit repetitive on the other hand. Like dodging signs atop a metro.   I liked the direction of the story in this DLC. [spoiler] The ending was a bit anticlimactic, and I was left with the feeling that the devs could've taken this a bit further. [/spoiler] However, due to the fact that Gears for Breakfast hit it out of the park with most other elements, this can be easily overlooked.  I would recommend this DLC, It brings some solid visuals and platforming to the table. You get a fair amount of content for the (almost) seven bucks price tag.
Online co-op works great, didn't have any issues playing through 30 levels with three players. Connecting to different acts is seamless and there's not much you can do to sabotage another player's progress. Everyone has their own enemies and game objects unique to them so even a 3 player boss fight works well.   Nyakuza Metro is a hellish maze but is so aesthetically pleasing. It's easy to get lost looking for passes but there is a lot of hidden stuff to find along the way like stickers, new color palettes, and gear. This DLC is worth every penny.
This DLC is short but it is very fun.  The new area is really fun to explore, looks great and has a great OST ( Rush hour is my favourite ost from the whole game)  There is no final boss battle like the other main areas which is disappointing but it's not enough to outweigh the good parts of the DLC. It also adds a new Online mode but i have not used it yet.  If you like the base game you will like this and it is cheap too!
9/10 [spoiler]no boss battle at the end[/spoiler]
Ameowzing DLC with pawsome music and gameplay. Great addition and would recommend a purrchase.  5/5 stars
A  very nice addition to the game. New "Free-Roam" world is a plus and the style is wonderful.
OwO
This was worth every penny
This DLC is an improvement on the last, because the main chapter is longer with more content, and they added online multiplayer instead of a shitty Git Gud challenge mode. I have no complaints this time around.
So Gears for Breakfast made a fantastic, charming and exciting 3D platformer and then proceeded to add more DLC content to the game that won't break your bank and is just as great as the base game. How?   Nyakuza Metro is everything you think it will be and more:  Fun Gameplay? Tick.  Amazing Characterisation? Tick. A Whole Vast New World To Explore? Tick. And finally, a soundtrack deserving of it's own purchase? Tick.   I Recommend.
It didn't take me long to beat but I really enjoyed my time and I freaking loved the exploration. I only wish that Life Will Change would play during the boss level instead of Rush Hour.
More fun than I expected. I wasn't disappointed with the content like with Seal the Deal. Unlike StD, this DLC actually has some FUN ideas in it. Rather than carrying plates around... you get to do what you want to in a freeroam area like Alpine Skyline. The finale to Nyakuza is weak and lacking when you compare it to the actual boss fights. The actual time pieces themselves are just your typical platforming which was nice. Aside from the actual "content" you have vendors that allow you to buy new hats with the thousands of pons you saved during your many hours with the game. My opinion on the online is that it's kind of cool. I really like just being able to see others and mess with them. I actually had a couple rounds of "pvp" too, which was unexpectedly fun!   Being a skeptic of the quality of this DLC when it was announce, I must say I am pleasantly surprised with what is actually offered here. I actually recommend this DLC.
Hat Kid can eat forks now, never before has an update been so good.
A lot of fun and cats.
Pretty fun, the amount of cool custom paints and hats made you want to grind for more coins. it was well worth the money
Hat-kid-CHANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!
10
cat slavery
Yes
best game
Just when I thought a cruise ship full of my favourite animal couldn't be beat, it was. This is awesome!
needs ray tracing
By far the most polished world the devs have ever made.
Nyakuza Metro is a fine addition to A Hat in Time's various worlds and levels. The expansion provides a lot of new cosmetics, and a fairly laid-back experience as you traverse through the underground city. The attention to detail, easter eggs, level design, and so on are spot on, but the experience is pretty short. I can't speak to the quality of the multiplayer side of this DLC, as I haven't played it, but the meat of this expansion was always going to be the single player content for me.  Pros: + Visually gorgeous metro/underground cityscape that's rich with color  + Easter eggs scattered across the map range from movie poster parodies to character conversations to gameplay itself + Solid level design and gameplay + Most parts of the metro can be accessed in any order, with only one part of the map being barred off at first + Lots of new cosmetic options + Voice acting is well done as usual  Cons: - Relatively short game length (I'd estimate about 2 hours to get the time pieces at a leisurely pace, maybe 4-5 hours if you're really keen on exploring every inch of the city and finding all the hidden secrets) 
Pretty good
Best DLC deal since seal the deal!
nyanyame nyanyajyu nyanya-do no nyarabi de nyakunyaku inyanyaku nyanyahan nyanya-dai nyannyaku nyarabete nyaganyagame KAWAII!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Purely extravagant. So much meticulous detail was put into this dlc. Even listening to the conversations is fun.
CUTEST DLC EVAH
this was great, id say its about 6 hours worth of content (unless you aim to collect everything, stickers, paint badges...ect)
:3 Hat kid joined the Tojo Clan
Extremely fun DLC, well worth the time and the wait!  The new area is extremely large and complex, filled with imaginative new characters, obstacles and mechanics. One of the most interesting mechanics is the food vendors throughout the area, all selling various food items. Each food you buy heals you for a hitpoint, but picking the right combination of foods gets you a temporary boost to your maximum health.  Also, the music is absolutely amazing, especially the track in the final stage. It all fits the theme of these levels perfectly and elevates this great DLC even higher.
needs costumes to be dyeable
Im going to split this review into three sections because I had very different experiences between the Nyakuza Metro, online party mode, and the overall characters/voiceacting in the game TL:DR at bottom of review  Nyazuka Metro: Its not a bad area, but it certainly does not stack up to the rest of the game. The entire area feels weird and wonky to go through and was just unenjoyable. The map itself is small, but it feels extremly empty aside from a few stickers to collect. Although Alpine Skyline was free roam, it didn't feel empty, it was just a bit slow to go through because of the ziplines. The mission had a lack of uniqueness within them, it was just go to a place and collect a time capsule. It was also incredibly short, shorter than The Arctic Cruise for me (which only has 3 time pieces btw) Probably the biggest disapointment was the lack of a final boss, it builds up to it, and then, nothing. Rumbi factory was fine though, probably the best shattered time piece yet.  Characters/voice acting: Its hard for me to criticize the cat characters as they fit in, but they feel really bland. Imagine the scottish things from alpine skyline expect without the accent and without them saying the same line. That may sound negative, but in gave the character meaning and made them stand out. The cats on the other hand are bland and just bland and unintresting, only really seeing uniqueness with their knock off yelp reviews. The empress I also was not a big fan of. She felt out of place in this game that never takes itself seriosuly. She felt like a queen ping with nothing funny or enjoyable about her. Again, just like the cats, they feel so out of place for the game. The voice acting for when you order food is nice, but its nothing to major when it comes to voice acting in this game.  Online multiplayer: It really depends on how you play this. 3-4 people online is not that problamatic, just longer loading times between levels and sometimes a bit of lag but thats no big deal. 30 people on the other hand is terrifying, random crashes, and insane rubber banding makes it an instant no go. Despite all that, I still enjoyed it, If you're all in a skype or discord call in can be insanely fun. Also, not really sure where to put this expect here, all the new costumes and flairs are all really cool. They feel more unique and original too from the base game(not death wish) the new badges are cool but no real reason to use them   Tl:DR The new world and acts are not worth replaying as it is extremly short and bland. The online multiplayer, if everyone has a stable connection, can be fun as there will be little lag. 30+ people online just doesn't work, 10 people seems to be the sweet spot before shit hits the fan. The new costumes are nice  and add to the asthetic. If you're a person without friends, I would not recommend this because the single payer is not enough the worth of €7, but online with 7-10 people and with the right people, can be extremly fun. Overall, single player, not worth€7 but multiplayer, can be a bit unstable with 15+ people, but if it connects right, extremly fun.
Best dlc I have ever played. I am a little bit biased since this is my favorite game of all time but besides that it is a really good dlc.
nice
Very fun new area, lots to do, I like the customizations a lot, and while the online mode wasn't what I expected, it still worked well and me and my friend had a great time knocking eachother into death pits
cat crime
Loads of new content compared to Seal The Deal. The new hub world feels packed to the brim with detail, and is fun to traverse, even if it becomes a little confusing sometimes. The new dyes and hat flairs are great, though some of them can be a little hard to look at.
I can definitely say this, Gears for Breakfast learned from their mistake.  Nyakuza Metro is what the first DLC should have been like. The bonus chapter is so expansive, amazing atmosphere, cool gimmicks, memorable characters, and not disappointing! It's also not too difficult to pick up, unlike Death Wish. Online Party is very fun to play with friends, spent 10 hours on launch day playing it. Stickers are great, love the nice nods to popular online phenomenon. Only gripe I have is that people are freaking out over the graffiti of a flag that you'll most likely skip over your first time playing. [spoiler] Are we not going to talk about that Slenderman/Pennywise/Bendy-looking figure in the window of the same room where the flag is located? [/spoiler]. Definitely worth the money!
Great dlc but it felt to short also the boss fight was not good like the others sadly
Even though the ending is a little disappointing this DLC is in my opinion far better than Seal The Deal and Death Wish. Not only is not anywhere near as difficult or frustrating but I personally enjoyed it plus the music is really good as always. I am looking forward to the next DLC Gears For Breakfast comes up with. However I did not try out the online multiplayer nor do I intend to but I'm sure it's fun.
The charm is off the charts here. I went into this expecting to run around a neon lit cat subway, finding time pieces for a scary looking panther lady, and that's exactly what I got. Worth every penny of the $7 I paid for it.
cat (and i can't stress this enough) [b][i][u]CRIME
I deduct one point for not naming this DLC: A Cat in Crime  Apart from that, this is what you'd expect from a DLC for this game. Great all around! Smooth animations, tons of stickers/emotes, online multiplayer, lots of PECK and more :D
Good shit
joined an onlineparty named shadman and idk how to feel after that
nyaice
on the shorter side, but still worth every penny
he......he really is everywhere
This is a good improvement on the Seal The Deal DLC. It's good haha.
Once Workshop becomes available, I garentee you SOMEONE will make a battle royale map...    *Opens Editor*
Great fun, but very fleeting. The online party makes up for some of it though.
I can't speak for the online, two player local was a neat little bonus disregarding that the game was made with a single player in mind. That being said 50 players at once? Really cool, but also really not what I'm looking for in this game at all, and is just a really cool bonus for what is the main course, the Nyakuza Metro.  This place is freaking gorgeous! It's so adorable, filled with life, NPCs are all over the place having varied and pretty funny conversations. There are so many thing's to do, even when not focusing on the pretty crazy amount of exploration available to you, and required to do for finding 10 entire time pieces. I'm sure Gears understood peoples frustrations with there only being three pieces in the first dlc, and decided to triple it just for the sake of it. With a new world competing with even the likes of Mario Odyssey, great music, amazing visuals and fun, cute sidequests, great bonuses and costumes and just everything you could want, I don't think there many DLC I could recommend more than this.
10/10, add me for co-op
I already love this. This DLC pack is full of charm and things to explore, funny dialog and just a fun world to explore.  I hope we'll get more DLC like this in the future. :D
uwu
Pure fun
It has problems, but I had fun and would say that it was a positive but still disappointing experience.   The new area is fairly interesting and the progression through it is well structured. The cats and art were all cute. But there's a certain lack of silliness to it all that sets it apart from the rest of this colourful game. The new villain cat woman whatever is also far too serious, and doesn't add anything to the story or world because she's just the serious villain this content is structured around. There's nothing funny or interesting about her. So while the new area is nice, it certainly lacks the levity and colourfulness that defines the base game.  All players do in the new area is collect time pieces, which while being satisfying enough is definitely not all that exciting. Was expecting the story to be all about the protagonist performing gang activities with minigames where you extort people or break things and such. But no, it's just collecting time pieces. So the entire thing of them making this content look like it's going to be all gang themed and the protagonist is now a gang member; basically false advertising.  The new outfits, dyes and stickers are all nice. But the new badges are just lazy novelties that don't change anything in the game and the player has no reason to use them. Was expecting badges that actually give the player new abilities, or change literally anything meaningful. Instead two of them are awful looking pixel filters which while being amusing as a novelty completely ruin the visuals of the game so there's little reason to actually use them.  The lack of a boss battle makes the end of the new content especially depressing. The boss fights are one of the highlights of the main game, and are a huge part of giving each different area its own finale. While the last mission of the new area is alright it's not comparable at all to the satisfaction of a boss battle, and the ending in general feels incomplete. The giant swarms of cats were neat but the really jagged resolution issues on their sprites kind of made it hard to appreciate the visual aesthetic of them.   The online is a fake online mode where you can see the ghosts of other players but aren't actually playing in the same instances as eachother. The developers are just finding every way to get close to online cooperation, without ever adding it in. Which is disappointing considering how popular this game is that they can't even use their massive profits to hire people who know how to code online; to add online to the game.   Furthermore the fake online mode seems to be quite broken between issues with lag, issues with crashing, and issues with players getting locked out of progression. Again, if this is something that is so difficult for them they should of just used the profits from their million plus sales to simply hire some body to do it for them.    I enjoyed it but wouldn't say it's fully up to par with the standard set by the main game. The new area is neat but lacks the cartoon charm of the rest of the game, and the gameplay is just time piece fetching with no fun or interesting gang related minigames or sequences or anything. Not even a boss battle at the end, and the new villain woman isn't remotely interesting anyways. Meanwhile the online is potentially not actually true online, and it just a fake online mode.   It seems to only really be good for the brief novelty of watching a swarm of people spamming emotes and obnoxious noises; instead of actually having fun playing the game. Honestly I would of rather had no fake online mode at all if it meant the main content was more fleshed out with more unique gameplay elements, a boss battle and just a more interesting villain in general.  But again I enjoyed it, just wish I could of enjoyed it more by comparison.
As far as I can say about the main part of this DLC (The new Nyakuza Metro level), even if it's shorter then I've expected, I can say that this is definitly worth the money. The new level is beautiful, as such the new music and outfits. Even the stickers on the umbrella and the new bat are a nice little touch.  For the online part, it needs a little bit more work. Still makes fun to muda muda your friend while he is paused, only to fly away when he resumes.
i thought i couldn't love a hat in time more than i did, but then this dlc just kicked me in the throat with quality and fun. this dlc (just like seal the deal) is a MUST if you love the base game
can you please make the new map less system required in lower settings for low end pc like my potato computer love your game, I dont how i can run other maps but this dlc map
Much better than Seal the Deal
Loli Royale
liked it for the most part,  1-2 areas/timepieces felt a bit fast to get final mission could have escalated a bit more  especially the score, the theme is great but it felt like it was barely used to its fullest  beside that, stickers are nice lots and lots of new color pallets and outfits online mode is a lovely chaos would group peck again
Got all the time pieces in 3 hours it aint much but its honest work
Pretty good. I completed the whole stage in a day with friends.  Also, the online party is fun!! You should definitely buy this DLC if you want to play with friends!!
Well balanced with lots of action and great level design. Online is great and stickers are a welcome addition. The animation also has taken another leap forward, with ambient conversation and movement really bringing the metro to life. Gears for Breakfast really blew it out of the park on this one. Best area so far.
Although pretty short, this DLC is much better than the previous one, managing to maintain the original quality of the base game and provide interesting level design and fun gameplay.   The time rift addon was pretty basic, but was fun anyways.  The online party is nice but it's not really suitable for all levels in my opinion . I think it suits best levels that needs to be completed quickly as fast as possible (such as Train Rush), but nonetheless I guess it can be enjoyable for a short period of time.
The cats sound like Doraemon.
Nyakuza Metro + Online Party is a fun addition to the already fun A Hat in Time.   Nyakuza Metro is a blast to explore with tons of hidden secrets and stickers to collect. The only disappointing thing I can say about this chapter is that there is no boss fight at the end, only a finale, which I don't mind too much, but it's still worth saying. Online Party is an experience. My spaceship was plagued by tons of little doppelgangers yelling 'PECK!' and 'Boop!' at each other and I loved it.  Can't recommend this enough if you were already a fan of the base game. Also get Seal the Deal while you're at it.  Also [spoiler]Kiwami means extreme.[/spoiler]
fantastic DLC. The new area has tons to discover and the new cat ear hat allows you to throw money on people like a true gangster.   Haven't tried the online yet but the DLC is already worth it without online.
In general I really liked it, but it's just a LITTLE sad that there wasn't much
The new area is beautiful and extremely stylish. The layout is confusing at first, but I would not recommend activating the guides because the zones are such a joy to explore. After a while you will start unlocking metro tickets and shortcuts, and getting around becomes a lot easier.  The music is also awesome.
I've played this game for several hours and I haven't found the Nyakuza flair for the Ice Cap, other than that a great game
it good
Everyone: yeah it would be pretty cool if there’s co-op in the game, maybe we could even have 4 people playing at the same time? Gears for Breakfast: aight cool let us just add a  5 0  p l a y e r  l o b b y
pretty sweet. I cant seem to download the preorder dlc though. I preordered it, but i just have no idea how dlc works.
Worth the price, genuinely great atmosphere and platforming challenges!
I have absolutley loved this dlc sofar, so much to explore and do, aswell as many cool collectables and outfits, but am unsure how to get the preorder bonus background, could someone help?  Edit: right after I wrote this review it got installed, for those wondering how to get it, when you start up the game click the bonus items tab, it will bring up a folder with the background. Best DLC Ever buy it pls!!!  Edit 2: Wow, it also comes with a background for your phone!, background looks really good and ima use it from now on :D
It's good. A lot better than seal the deal. But with the online party added onto this, i thought they'd try to make it feel a bit more multiplayer oriented, it's got big environments that are MP oriented, but the system very clearly makes it feel more like a Mario game mod that adds Multiplayer that clearly wasn't intended to be the way to play. This is better experienced with local co-op if you're going for multiplayer. On the other hand, the music is great, it's got the charm you'd expect, and it'll make you smile and giggle, and it's got some really nice levels. But it also ends extremely abrupt and like it wasn't really thought out on how they'd end it. It feels like it's worth 7$ and like it's not at the same time. But I still recommend it, it's a great addition to the A Hat in Time levels and adds some cute stuff.
just finished the DLC, this was one of the best DLC i have played for the games in the past years, really enjoyed it, especially all new cosmetic items and new stunning locations, absolutely loved it, BUT the plot is unfinished, hope we'll see the continuation in the next DLC
Well after the Seal the Deal DLC propably caused more players to break their controllers than Dark Souls, i guess Gears for Breakfast thought that a fun, joyful DLC was required. They were right. Quick Spoiler free Summary: Worth every penny. The new Chapter is gorgeous, fun, very large and a Freeroam map, so go wild. The DLC made me feel Empathy for a Roomba. Speaking of which, i want one, go kickstart this Gears. The online party mode is as chaotic as I wanted it to be and works pretty well, even with my less than stable internet connection. Hats off (Huehuehuehuehuehue) to the Developers and Steam for their new API System.  This is the kind of stuff you could easily charge thrice the price for and it would still be worth it. I love you Gears for Breakfast.  Yakuza Hat Kid/10 Cute Cat Roombas everywhere
god damn i'm a degenerate
You hit funny cat lady and she kills you.      10/10 would attempt to rebel again
This DLC was everything it promised, it was really good!  The level design was great, so as the character design.  As always the game shines with love from the devs and it's always a pleasure to see that.  Practically everything in this game was lovable and so is this DLC
Lois, this is so freakin epic.
Sat in a circle beeping our scooter horns spamming voice clips 10/10 worth the price
I love everything about this, from the amazing setting, over all the new dyes and badges (personal highlight was pizza time and ofc the peaceful badge) to the online multiplayer functionality, which is more than i even knew i ever wanted. I can just say, i played nyakuza with a friend who lives several kilometers away and parsec with splitscreen never did it for me, even after they added the option to play without, my internet still would've been too weak. So this way... like... i had the blast of my life, and i couldn't thank you enough for that GfB. Can't wait for Mod Support to be switched on again :)
I am extremely glad that I can say that the developers have learned from the mistake that was Seal the Deal.  Not only does this DLC add online co-op, but the world added into the game is actually:  - fun - adds new mechanics - has really interesting art style - extremely good music and general sounds - level design that is both fun AND challenging (also fair) - basically not Seal the Deal in any way  Thank you, Gears for Breakfast. You have done well.
The Nyakuza Metro is a lot of fun. It allows you to play your way. You can either explore the free roam without any guidelines to find the Time Pieces, or you can get a bit of assistance and make the experience more linear if you wish. The characters and environments are fun and expressive.  The cosmetic items and badges are some of the most well-made and creative items in the game to date, and there's so many of them being sold around the Metro.  The online mode is also a lot of fun. It's fun running around with all these different Hat Kids and having 50 players in a game works much better than I thought it would, as it isn't laggy at all. The moment I knew this was the best idea is when lots of people were racing on Train Rush, and it was simply chaotic fun. I also managed to beat InTheLittleWood by a matter of frames, and Failboat by a fair bit, proud of that ;)   Very fun DLC with lots of content. Definitely get this if you enjoyed the base game and the Seal and Deal DLC.
So good!!!! The new paints outfits and flairs are really nice. The design of this world is extremely unique, the colors and the music and everything comes together so nicely.
co-op is still local splitscreen so online party is more just "watch other people play and progress separately" but that's not necessarily a bad thing  metro is better than arctic cruise in just about every way. getting lost because there's so much to do rather than the map being a labyrinth of hallways and rooms with 4 different entrance ways is a much better and less frustrating experience
cat train
Absolutely gorgeous. The entire chapter in this DLC is massive with a simple but cute story with a cute cast of new characters, environment, and music. Many new collectibles to obtain through fierce platforming.   The entire level is seamless save for 2 or so zones within it, and is breathtaking. Constant stuff going on, people talking, jamming music, it really feels like a city. They really did an amazing job with it  Online co-op is also solid. Sync is great , no crashes or disconnections, and the rivalry of racing against anyone in almost any act is great, or if you just wanna chill and goof off in the ship with each other!  If you loved the base game, you'll adore this. Worth it.
great dlc, nice map, bossfight was kinda lame tho
Nya
After collecting all 10 timepieces, all I have to say is... GfB delivered. Big time.
I have not completed the main missions so far and I have yet to try the Online party mode (no friends :() but from what I have played so far this DLC is absolutely amazing! The level is large and interesting, it doesn't feel to short like Seal the Deal arguably did, the new costumes are absolutely fabulous, its all in all just a wonderful experience and I would recommend it to anyone who has this game. If I had one criticism it would be that some parts of the level seem a tad bit too dark, however that doesn't really change how I feel about this at all.
joined a gang, stole some stuff, beat up some people. went back to my spaceship to find a 20 hatchild fight had broken out in my living room, before we all danced on top of the tv.
It's Yakuza, but there are an unusual amount of cats than it used to be.
1. just want to say i completely love this dlc 2. theres 9 time pieces not 10 3. i have no idea how to join online parties 4. the completion achievement is bugged other then that you should buy this, C A T C R I M E
Amazing.
First Impressions? The DLC is very good.  It has interesting characters and a fun map to roam around in. On the other hand, the online party is not as amazing as the base DLC.  The main problem (at least for me) is the fact that if you are playing with multiple people, the games aren't synced up. Everything is basically client-side. This means that fighting bosses and completing levels cannot be done co-op. It's like playing the normal game, but with a few extra laggy people. The online party also frequently crashes my game. Sometimes my entire computer. I don't know, maybe it's just my computer, but I sure didn't ever crash before the online party stuff.  But with that all aside, the DLC is amazing, a solid 9/10. Online Party on the other hand, it's a decent 7/10 I do recommend the DLC if you don't really care about online party.
"Breaking the law"
Easier than Seal the Deal, but just as much fun. Hopefully not the last DLC for this heckin' awesome game.
Too short but still fun experience.
A cat in crime. The cuteness makes me happy.
Nyakuza Metro is the most fun I've had with a game in a LONG time...  Would recommend!
roughly 10000 times better than arctic cruise,257.99/deathwish mafia boss
Cats. Cats everywhere. Best DLC so far.  [h1]Pros[/h1] - New World - Meowing Roomba's - Beautiful animations - Stickers - ONLINE MULTIPLAYER  [h1]Cons[/h1] - Bad ending - Short playthrough length   There are a couple of criticisms about the DLC.  First of all, if you're a little faster than the average person, you'll reach the end of the chapter in less than 90 minutes (ending included).   MINOR SPOILER FOR ENDING OF THE CHAPTER [spoiler]Finale is really unsatisfying to me. It is a "catch me if you can" type of situation which routes you around the world. Ending feels like a "to be continued" type of ending. That ruined the chapter for me. [/spoiler]  [h1]Conclusion[/h1] If you love the base game and have  $7 USD to spare. You should buy it.  Overall. Pretty decent. Score: 80/100
hat kid in NYAKUZA METROOO. this dlc is a BIG improvement  from their first dlc, it still wasnt as good as my hype though it was but here is my stuff pros: story cats music buyable stuff cat metro's online multiplayer stickers   cons end battle shortness collectable items stages(some where good but it was lacking imo). lack of mustache girl no cat jokes  so this dlc gets a 8/10 better then the first dlc but still not what i hyped for.
a masterpiece, the music is gr8 the graphics are gr8 the gameplay is great, a bit easy after grinding death wish for so long but that would kill the difficulty curve in any game
Yeah its worth the money. Plenty to enjoy.
awesome dlc this game is giving mario odyssy a run for its money
10/10, would have game crash on finale again but on a more serious note, the dlc's got some good platforming, and the aesthetic and worldbuilding of the new world is fantastic it's a little short, but what's there is great
Its good ..... But it left me wanting more you know? I cant be the only one that felt a little dissapointed     Am i?
it was fun while it lasted
I´ts way better than the first DLC. And the soundtracks are just amazing
Real Nyakuza play with the virtual boy badge on
Hat Kid now looks like she'd listened to too much Lofi Hip-Hop 24/7 streams   10/10
P E C K    M Y U R D E R    H E H     emotes in a nutshell
I'd recommend this even if the person hated cats
The DLC is worth the wait with all it's content. From puzzling to platforming, and the music aswell. It's pretty fantastic. However, there are also issues with Online from what I've noticed, mainly that it crashes a lot whenever I try to play with a friend. Other than that, this DLC is worth the 5,69€.
I only bought it because of guy fieri dye and P&T (peace and tranquility) badge  worth it.
Love the DLC! The modding community will have some new assets to make some new levels! Can't wait!
I finished the dlc in a short amount of time but it was still fun.The ending was great and it made me  happy its a 9/10 for me and i hope the team working on the game is doing well.The only down side is that i don't know how to join random people maybe it should have public lobby's but thats just my opinion.Great dlc i have nothing more to say.Good job gears for breakfast.
This is 100% me when i'm being chased by the Yakuza for scamming them
gud
it good
I can now forever say Peck when I go play online to play with all of my friends and strangers online  Thank you Gears for Breakfast, very cool
(Joke about cat-girls)
Yes. This is a good purchase.
hat kid is trans omg thx devs
Ive been getting issues where the game just crashes whenever i try to start a level online
Hat kid is trans omg this is very epic!!!
Amazing DLC, and a great value especially concidering the price of the Seal the Deal DLC. Overworld of the new act is amazingly well fleshed out, and cutscenes with an amount of love that I haven't seen since the golden age of 3D platformers. Absolutely in love with the online party, a bit confusing but once set up is an extraordinarily fun experience with just the right splash of chaos. Bonuses like stickers, the bat, and all the new dyes are a surprising supplementary.
You get a baseball bat.
2 Hour (If you are really good) world with lots of quirks and things to do, I liked it a lot. Way better than the Seal the Deal DLC since there is an actual map to explore.  My gripes with the dlc so far are the instabilities and bugs that Gears for Breakfast seem to never iron out, also the game still requires a massive quality of life improvements immediately. The UI sometimes doesn't scale properly on ultrawide monitors or continues to wacky with clipping bugs and hitboxes.  At the end of the day, if you enjoyed A Hat In Time... buy this! Just wait for a few patches though.
Just finished the DLC, it's amazing, a lot of things to collect, tons of things from the community and also cats! Online is way better than I expected, I can't wait for the mods to come back to test some "interactions"! It's worth every single penny
CAT CRIME
There is a sticker that goes nya. There is a sticker that goes egg. There is a sticker that goes oh my gosh THERE IS A LOT OF STICKERS AND CUTE STUFF. OMMYGOSH
This DLC is super fun  I'm a super late fan to the game but i can say through all the time pieces that have been in this the Nyakuza metro has been the most fun i have had and it still haven't even gotten the rift pieces yet. I also find it super cool how the new flair and dyes are found through the members of the gang which serves the need for exploration (and a large sum of pons) to acquiring them, but the story telling for this level is amazing with the added benefit of the metro passes that make the world feel bigger and full of extra secrets.  the only poo on my cornflakes when it comes to this is that my mods don't seem to want to download again, or just got removed by the game for now, but other than that i love this update and i hope i can find all the stickers and dyes and flair.  thanks gears for breakfast ya'll really knocked this out of the park (bat jokes)
A Hat in Time  A Cat in Crime
This is exactly what I expected when buying this one. Seriously. Gooooooooooooooood.
Cute af plus the multiplayer is a nice addition
Cat
Woo A Good Hat In Time Dlc 
Very, very good and dripping with tons of creativity and charm. Vastly superior to DLC pack #1.
"If all dlc was these good. EA would be my favorite company" - Donkey
i love this dlc :))))
yes
>Barely any bugs from my experience >Way better than Seal The Deal >W a y  b e t t e r  t h a n  S e a l  T h e  D e a l >H e Y  K i D d o  W a N t  t O  N o T  d O  A  C o N t r a C t >Online Multiplayer >Cats. >Peck. >Furries. <Kinda Short <No backstory on the Empress <Multiplayer isn't synced reeeee
The Nyakuza Metro is a very fun addition to a hat in time.  But The Online Party was not worth the wait  Me and a friend have been experiencing constant crashes everytime we connect to a party  while i should expect it from a day one release, it feels unfinished as in certain instances their is desync'ing that occurs mixed with some lag when a player connects or leaves. Personally online party to me is unfinished and should have been released later than now.
This pecking DLC was amazing, a must have!
Loved the entire thing, around two hours of play time for more experienced players and worth the money for sure. The final section was a bit disappointing but the rest was a lot of fun.
man i love cats
Best DLC i've ever played, hats off to the devs
Munancho.
A whole new level of cute.  Amazing music. Great character . super creative and far more hilarious than i thought it would be . my new relaxing game.
ASMR Food Reviews, the DLC
Haven't played the first dlc, but judging off of the reviews, it seems like GFB really stepped up their game
I finished the DLC in under 3 hours i have to say that this DLC is F*UCKING AWESOME!!! and i haven't used the online multiplayer yet (cause i don't have any friends that have the DLC) but the main course is awesome.
I stayed up all night to play this and I wasn't dissapointed. I just can't wait to get an entire discord full of 50 people and try out multiplayer soon 
there's catsss!!!!!!!! and neon lights!!!!!!!! uwu!!!!!!
Buy it peck necks.
Love it. Nothing more to say.
how do i get my bonus for pre order ;w; ?
**SPOILERS** - - - - - - - Okay so first off, this DLC is a thousand times better than Seal the Deal. The metro is a huge place, you can explore every bit of it. All levels are seamlessly connected with eachother, the place is great but easy to get lost in.  However, boy do I have a problem with the end.  What the FuCK was that?!  After running away from all the cats chasing me, I was hyped up for some epic boss fight. Nope.  Just here, take this time piece and fnck off. The ending is just so rushed and dissapointing.  Aside from the ending, DLC is fantastic. Just wish we had some bossfight instead of..that.  Edit: https://i.imgur.com/LcIF0Wf.png
This dlc needs more optimization!
Did somebody say Peace and Tranquility badge?
> Went on a new location > Saw an anime poster with a neko > The best DLC for the best game
It has Cats, thats all i need to say, you dont even need to say more then this, and ofc, a cat city! with cat train/buses!
You can say the infamous P-word that DJ Grooves forbade you to pronounce
Food descriptoins are so tasty and wholesome, that it makes me hungry >_<
Is it weird that I'm more excited about the new Multiplayer Update than I am about the new world to explore?
Okay, this is epic.
Now THIS is how mafia works.  also brr brr all the single furries
I've played through all of the content. It's a free-roam open-world kind of thing with a similar length to Seal the Deal. Online Party works well enough, though it really isn't as online co-op-ish as I hoped it to be. Overall I still liked it, even if I have no friends to play the online portion with.
Very good dlc, hope this game sees even more content in the future! Instant buy for sure if you already love the game.
Meow
best update EVER!!!!
best dlc
Yes
CAT CRIME BABY
yes please
YES FINALLY THE NEW MAP IS HERE  i like it ok :3
Cat crime
Cat crimes
It's honestly a steal at any price point!  It's so well made!  If you like neon and cats this is the best dlc ever!  Honest 10/10 form me!
IT GODLY
A bit short, but worth buying. Music and style is just too good. Mafia - down, yakuza - down. Who's next?
Hat Kid becomes Cat Kid and Joins the Japanese Mafia.
Give me yarn or i'll break your kneecaps
Haven't played it yet, but I'm positive it's amazing.
I can't get my wallpaper Idk how :((
great
epic
CATS CATS CATS!!!!!!!!!
Amazing without a doubt worth the wait
Hype af mate
yes
How do i play this game on my phone i'm not home yet and i can't wait
Pre-purchased!
10/10
Hat kid joins the fucking yakuza.  11/10
Good game
I HAVE BEEN STARING AT THE PAGE FOR THE NEW DLC
IVE WAITED SO LONG FOR THISS!!  YAY!!    (also first xd)
  A Cat in Time
what can i say? it's cool epic awesome and coolawesomeepic, worth it
IT WONT DOWNLOAD AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Gud!
That's how [Yakuza] works
Good DLC
A wonderful DLC!  No, really!  Although i haven't played it...  But still!
first 
EPIC
very good nya
Once again, Hat Kid has yeeted depression out the pecking window.
I am leaving a positive review by my own volition. for the quality and wholesome content. And not because of threats from the Nyakuza! [Spoiler] Please buy it! Or else a small cat girl will break my kneecaps if you fail to do so! [/Spoiler]
very nice
Cute
Amazing and thug hat kid 
Amazing!
Jake and the Giant is a fun Assymetric multiplayer game. This means that someone can play on the monitor at the same time as the player in VR. Clever concept. Well executed here. The monitor player is Jake who is on the run from a giant while trying to steal his gold. The VR player is the Giant and has to hunt Jake with arrows and a club. The balance is good. My son and I played it a few times, I was the Giant and found it reasonably easy to find Jake, but with practice Jake could win. Good fun game. Essentially Virtual Reality Hide and Seek simulator. If you have kids and want to play with them while in VR then this is a no brainer. Good fun family game. I purchased the game and did not get paid for this review.
It has good puzzles and graphics.  Can't adjust key mapping. Not the end of the world.  The real downside is the horrible movement.  I recommend this game but might want to buy it on a sale.
This game is SO CLOSE to being perfect. It is a 10 chapter escape game and, as an escape game, it is top notch. The graphics would be great except it is Too Dark in a lot of places and there are no controls in the game to correct this.  I found a bug in chapter 9 but getting Any Response from the developers is Impossible. Tried to contact them for weeks with No Response. But, that being said, you can always start a chapter over which will reset everything and, hopefully, you will get a different set of circumstances that will let you complete the chapter. (That worked for me)  About starting a chapter over: You Cannot save a chapter once you start it. The game will automatically save the game after you complete each chapter. SO, if you are in the middle of a chapter and close the game, everything will be lost and you will have to start that chapter from the beginning when you play again. BUT....And This Is Important...Any notes that you had from the chapter that you didn't finish should be thrown away because Each Time You Start A Chapter Everything Will Change (lock numbers, key locations, etc. etc.) Now that all of the nit-picking is over, I must say  that it is really a good game. Well worth the 9 bucks that they are asking. The puzzles make sense and aren't far fetched nonsense that you would need a walk-through to finish. However if you Do Look At A Walk-Through, you will knock yourself in the head because you will immediately realize that you didn't really need the walk-through in the first place if you would have just taken some more time to....think. All of the information needed to solve each chapter is actually IN each chapter.  Take your time. If you have an old brain like mine, keep a notepad handy. And then settle in for a Really Good Escape Adventure. If you like escape settings and puzzles than order this immediately. Like I said earlier: "Nine Bucks!" and I'm already over 12 hours into it.  
Motion sickness simulator 2019. Clunk ass controls and a few almost broken mechanics. The sound sucks too. However, in spite of all that, this is a real good game. The graphics are top notch and you get ranked against other players who played before you. That makes it worth it. The puzzles being challenging and rewarding is just icing on the cake. Well worth it on sale, maybe at full price. 8/10
Very good puzzle game, good twist on room escape games.
For those of you who like real-life escape rooms, this game is about as close as they come to mimicking the actual experience. From the game logic to the puzzles--right down to the combo locks and color coding--I felt right at home maneuvering my way through. There are 10 levels, which you play on Easy first and then work your way up. Thus, the game has replay value, and for under $10 you can't beat it with a stick.  A few warnings:   1. There is no save option until you get to the end of a level, so be ready to commit to 20-30 minutes before you're able to save and continue onward.  2. The brightness/gamma settings are kind of terrible. Apparently it was worse before as there was no way to adjust the levels, but even after the patch it's really difficult to see sometimes. You'll want to mess around with your monitor for a while to find the right balance for yourself.  3. This game relies a LOT on working memory, so if you're like me and you have no working memory to speak of, you'll want to keep a pen and notepad handy for puzzling things out. (Normally I'd be annoyed by this but the problems were so much fun, I didn't care.)  4. The outfit on the main character is ridiculous. She's in a tiny tank top with no bra and her butt is literally hanging out of her pants. LOL I get it--they want to reel in the teenage boys--but I couldn't stop wondering why a capable explorer on some kind of mission would have left her house like that. Whenever I looked down it was just BOOBS as far as the eye could see; the woman made Lara Croft look like a paragon of practicality in the costume department.  ANYWAY. Despite the wardrobe nonsense, I recommend this game and I hope these people will do more...And, hey--maybe they'll give the girl a break next time and put her in a nice, supportive sports bra and some pants with an actual belt!
Love this game so far. The music is amazing and I like how the puzzels can vary and make your mind think. Hidden missions are fun. I like the sort of Tomb raider feel to the game. The graphics are great for this game with enough shading to make you look around for stuff.  Great stuff from Storming Tech A+++  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm1nhHPPetQ  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rt_b0YtGm3g
This was a really fun "escape room" game.    There are 10 chapters that you play.  Each chapter you need to find clues and other items to proceed through the room(s) until you find the last room with the Ancient Scroll.  This unlocks the next chapter, etc.   The puzzles are mostly logical (easy to hard in no particular order) and progresses you through the levels at a nice pace.  At the end of each chapter, you receive a score for the amount of time it took you, number of items you found and level of difficulty you played.  It then shows your ranking amongst all the players who have played.  I admit, I played Easy this time through, though I plan to go back and play the other levels to try to complete all the achievements.   An interesting aspect to note:  There are no saves mid-chapter (though on Easy, the levels can be played usually between 30 and 45 minutes each).  You can pause the game if you have to stop for a while.  Otherwise, if you exit out and return to play the same chapter, most of the items and clues will have spawned to a different place.  Highly recommend.
Quite an enjoyable game. Took me around 12 hours to beat all 10 rooms on all difficulties. There is a bit of randomization there for replayability. Looks quite nice a well. It is basically an Escape Room game. Puzzles range from easy to kind of obtuse. Sometimes inside the same room. It is lacking in variety and hints at least for my liking. A bit more context would be nice.  Some minor nitpicks. - There are a few translation issues. There is one that makes a puzzle not impossible but just obtuse. - Some puzzles are colour dependent and just red, green, blue and yellow. This is not that great for visually impaired players. - Speaking of visually impaired. Often the objects/keys blend together with other objects. Bronze key on wooden background or similar. - Lastly there is a puzzle which uses music notes. Nice idea but not fun if you have to get a spectrum analyzer on your phone. Some people just can't distinguish between a D and an E. - Three of the achievements are currently broken. (The purple gem ones) PS: This was fixed by the Devs within about a week of writing this review.  Overall I give this game a recommendation if Escape Room Games are your cup of tea. It plays well and it is a nice time. All the nitpicks I mentioned do not break the game. Should the developers fix them in this game or in the next one I will give it a glowing recommendation. Some of them are just quality of life stuff and would increase production quality immensely for comparatively low costs. Especially the things for visually impaired players and the translation issues.
interesting game,nice graphics,  however no real story just get out of different rooms  in certain time...Puzzles repetitive a bit, A good time anyway. 4 strars.
Great puzzle game, it requires creativity, memory and a bit of culture and intelect. Pretty fun and creative levels but i must say that i got disapointed with the last level since it's only a memory test and quite boring one to be honest, i'd rather run in circles trying to figure a puzzle than to do that level honestly.
excellent game, buy it.
So far very impressed.  First mission/challenge was fun.  Find clues, use them to proceed, to escape/win/find prize.  There are secondary objects to score you points and a leaderboard you can see how well you did comparatively.  Very fun, looking forward to playing more.  My only complaint sofar is the movement is a bit wonky.  As in pushing forwards, takes some ramp up time, until she is moving at a decent pace.  Crouching and looking sometimes makes her get up and move to the side.  That being said, typically with these types of movements I get motion sick, but I am not in this game.  Not a big deal.
Game is interesting. Me and my wife having more fun and spending more time with each other with this game. It really is a good game for couple, solving problems and mysteries inside the game.  You can check out my video of this game here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0HN63gSwcc  Also, please subscribe to my channel. Thanks and good day!
Heres a drunk let's play for ya!  https://youtu.be/W3tnrpuEPNU  And here's a link to my channel! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClAxGRMIQ6cfZ1bLM75eSyQ  This game seems really good so far, first thing I noticed was great graphics, its smooth and the atmosphere is amazing, I kept anticipating a scare because the pacing is so good that every little sound almost made me jump! I'm still stuck on the first level but I will for sure keep playing.
Got it in the sale, absolutely a great and challenging game. At level 3 now, first 2 levels where doable but level 3 is pretty hardcore. Gotta spend some more hours on it haha! Always in love with such kind of games, like surfing and bh in csgo or SEUM. Its a simple game, but very addictive, challenging, and good working mechanics.
First this game is not for everyone because it is a very challenging platformer. The graphics are about what i expected and the game is much harder than i anticipated. The music is lackluster it seems it is just some copyright free trap/dubstep i recommend while playing this you should mute the music in the options and listen to your own music.  In my opinion this game is worth the 5$ however i do enjoy challenging games and after level 2 the game ramps up the difficulty by a lot i just beat level 3 with 2 hours of playing and level 4 seems even harder. So overall the game is worth the 5$ if you like challenging games. Also i might add the game is challenging but oddly it is very relaxing. 
This car is 99.99% flawless. My only complaint is the lack of a Union Line skin.
Hours of Content - Two to four, depends on your skills. Modding Support - None at all. Sexual Content - Bikinis. . . ? Nothing really.  Do not buy this game unless you like "slider puzzles", and you're good at solving them. Either that, or be willing to learn. It starts off easy, with a few three-by-three puzzles without a time-limit. You can guess your way through them. Every puzzle or two introduces a new gimmick. Sometimes you'll have "fog" which obscures pieces, or they'll turn to stone (forcing you to click them until they "unfreeze"). There is one gimmick that "displaces" pieces, which causes two pieces to switch images, but not "places" in the completed puzzle.  In other words, "displacement" stages may require you complete the puzzle twice, as there's only a 50/50 chance you can trust a "displaced" piece.  The puzzles will go from three-by-threes to five-by-fives, and every four stages another gimmick (on top of "fog", "petrification" or "displacement") will be introduced. You'll have to solve puzzles with a time and "movement" limits. Remember what I said about "being" good or "getting good" at slider puzzles? You're going to need get-good fast when you have these limits (and gimmicks) overlapping. In some stages, you have to watch a puzzle get un-assembled, and put it back together EXACTLY how it was taken-apart.  Frankly, I cheated on the those stages. I uh, took some screenshots. My memory is awful.  The visuals are great. All of the puzzles are animated, and they are fun to look at and solve. The space theme seems out of place, but I suppose starry-skies and anime girls look nice together. When you complete a stage, you get an option to save the picture you completed. . . but only to your desktop, and you can't save the animated picture. This game has no "gallery", and if you want to a picture again, you'll have to replay the puzzle. Thankfully, there is a "stage-select" screen.  There is a story. . . but I didn't really pay much attention. The girls are "trapped" in space, and they are being held against their will by "beasts". You free them by solving the puzzles. . . that's my understanding of the story. Again, I didn't pay a whole lot of attention, but there isn't much more than a paragraph of lore total. I didn't buy this game expecting any kind of story.  Back on the topic of the "displacement" gimmick, sometimes it will glitch, making you unable to move the "displaced" piece. When that happens, you just have to reboot the mission. Nothing game-breaking, just a little annoying.  This was my first time doing "slider puzzles" and well, it was a tough ride. I definitely would NOT recommend this title unless you know a thing or two about these sorts of puzzles. I didn't, so it took me a long time to finish the game (about four hours). Given the price, I'd consider picking up this game. I think the price is spot-on given the amount of content, and when it goes on sale, it's not a bad deal. Paying a dollar for two to fours of content is a decent deal if you ask me.  As a note to the Dev's, I'd like to see a gallery, or the ability to save the (animated) pictures. Other than that, this game has been reasonably solid.
Nice lake, grabbed it while on sale -25% even though the devs have a rocky past, i think they have put a fair amount of work into the game so far which helped my decision to buy the DLC.
Its a REALLY good lake! And what makes it good is the ambience .. finally .. the ambience is different in the morning and ,lets say, at sunset! That is what I have been waiting for! And some birds are really unique .. well, at least I have not encountered them anywhere else yet.   Plz keep it up with the SOUND! just add some interesting ambience to other lakes. do not underestimate the sound  And also, foliage is awesome .. trees and leaves ..
You can summon an army of dolls to follow you around as temporary party members for a floor. Goes hilarious well with Rei'sen since you can get an army of four moon rabbits and five dolls. Otherwise, kinda meh, but she has a nice voice.
WATCH OUT! EARTH! I def. like this game, sometimes you dont want to think to much. I enjoy the 2D aspect of the game so far and you cannot go wrong for the price. I have only made it half way in the game and I enjoy the concept of gravitational forces when firing around a planet's body. I like the little video at the beginning and laugh everytime I hear cheering when I complete a level. I give this little game a A+++  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQZ6wlt1c-Q
This is a fairly decent Asteroids/Space invaders type game. Simple gravity physics and changing abilities. A not terrible way to waste an hour or so.  https://youtu.be/FBRuNRgKzsg
Great artstyle, funny writing and in general I love the atmosphere of the game. The fights all have their own twist to them and are really challenging. I struggle with a lot of fights and even after two-three fights my arms feel like they could fall off.   I can only recommend this game to lovers of typing games.
The Textorcist is one of the hidden gems of 2019. It's an incredible idea, and the developers did an excellent job on delivering on it. I really hope it gets the recognition it deserves, as I had a ton of fun with it. That said, there are a couple issues, both stemming from the lack of settings (and maybe the engine?). The most glaring issue is that when sound effects play at once, they stack unnecessarily and can be painfully loud. This is made worse because you can't lower the volume of sound effects. The second issue is that the game is locked at 30 fps. It's not terrible because at least it's a sturdy lock, I never experienced any noticeable dips in frame rate. But it is a bullet hell game, and I the fluidity provided by a higher frame rate could have been a huge improvement for the experience. Finally, it is just a teensy bit too short. There is at least one plot thread that could have been explored for more content that disappointed me when it was brushed aside. Maybe we'll get a sequel? These issues are minor though, I still had a blast playing the game and highly recommend it!
Too easy and a bit too short for its price, but I genuinely enjoyed it a lot because the way you attack is so unique and satisfying. I hope they eventually add more content to it, because at the moment it feels too short and needs harder/longer bosses. Art and music make an already fun game so much better. Dialogue is funny if a bit on the immature side. Overall I give this game a 7.8/10. It’s got a lot of good stuff in it but I finished it expecting a bit more. Also the game feels poorly optimized; fullscreen was pretty stubborn with me.  BTW anyone who downvotes this game for being too hard needs to git gud. It’s easy AF, I did it in 3.2 hours for Christ’s sake.
After 5 minutes of playing this game I was really amused because, besides the fact that I'm Italian and I love all the references to Rome, the typing gameplay fits really well in the created world and it also works really good for the part of the interaction. I'm really glad I bought this game and I really hope that you consider doing it as well.
The game is truly an experience of its own. Not only is it a great bullethell-type game, but the whole game revolves around typing, which is an original thought. Also the pixelart and overall style of the game looks awesome. 8/10
Awesome game with captivating gameplay, compelling story and amazing pixel art. The game itself is very hard but not impossible, I personally found the fact that you must avoid bullets with one hand and write spells with the other hand at the same time very original, frustrating (in a dark souls way) and entertaining, a true novelty in the genre. The story is full of funny dialogues with many references to parts of Italy you usually won't find in videogames and the pixel art is simply amazing. All bullet hell lovers should give it a try.
Well, this game is certainly something, very short in terms of a regular playthrough but It's really cool nonetheless, uses the Cuphead boss rush format but it's a bullet hell typing game.   controls almost identical to your standard bullet hell game using arrow keys to weave in and out of enemy attacks while having to type exorcisms with your left hand which is certainly unique and I think it pulls it off really well. You'd be surprised by how many typos you make under the pressure, It's one of the few games that I'd say does multitasking well,  and that adrenaline rush seeing amen on the screen, putting all hands on deck to get that last word and finish the job.  There are global leaderboards for each of the 10 bosses to add a decent degree of replayability but that's really what it has to offer, just a good experience worth supporting if you want something really unique, if you don't then perhaps hold your money though.
Loved the idea at first sight even though i can't type. I bought the game because the trailer said "rookie" mode and waved a controller around, so i thought I could play it like a bullet hell without the typing BUT THAT IS NOT THE CASE. Very misleading trailer, but the title wasn't lying it's a game for typists only. Also misleading is the amount of level and side stuff. NO REAL levels or enemies, and NPC's or objects don't lead anywhere or do much of anything. I think a FULL GAME with collectables and secret levels and typing segments in boss battles or as an optional mode would sell this game to more people.  I would recommend this game to those who can type, and everyone else get help from Mavis. maybe this'll be ported to android someday.
Great game! Very challenging but addicting. The game mechanics are original and new. Great art and silly humor. I'm from Rome so I understood some references a lot of people might not get, but I think everyone will appreciate a lighter tone on the subject. I loved the Naples setting and I can assure you that city is exactly like that.
This is the game I have been waiting for. For years I have searched for something that isn't typing of the dead. If you enjoy typing, typing games, and catholic priests, this is your game of the year 2019 year of our lord amen.
i played the demo and i like it, now i get the full game and the pixel, the music, enemies, its Freaking Awesome!!!!, a must have !!!
Nice pixel-art, cool music and funny story. The idea of mixing typing and shoot'em up games is pretty original, and offers quite a challenge to seasoned gamers too!
There's a few minor issues, it's bit on the short side, and not very casual friendly, but overall it is a fairly good game and i had quite some fun replaying it a few times.  
this game hurt my freakin arms and fingers ouch im going to sue
Wow! I'mm honestly stunned how fun this is. I am only half an hour deep, but 3 bosses down I feel compelled to recommend this game. I often get bored of typing games fast because that is all it is at its core, but this games simple movement change up is shocking in depth yet simple. If you are worried like i was on how to move in a typing game don't be as the movement options become second nature quick; maybe 10 minutes or so.   I hate using this term but this feels like the Dark-Souls of typing games. It is hard yet rewarding but i can definitely see how people would find this game hard as it feels almost like real time combat in most bullet-hells and dark souls where there are times to dodge and times to attack. You can SEE yourself getting better as you pull off high combos and inch in words between small windows.  The story is decent enough with very tongue in cheek humor and it doesn't take itself too seriously, but it understands you are here for the game play and that is where it shines.  If you are a fan of hard games, dark souls, bullet hells, or typing games this is for you.
[b] Target Audience: [/b] [I] Genre mash up lovers; those wanting a bit different of an experience in the typing genre[/i]  [b] Summary: [/b]    First of all: this may be a game that playing a demo may actually be misleading. Let's not mince word: it'll take you a little bit to understand how the Texorist wants you to play, and it's not something you're going to learn in a small period of time. You have to throw out some pre-conceived ideas out of the window, and if you do, you'll find a game that's really smartly designed in regards to its bullet hell/SHMUP mechanics, and the mixture of a typing game. It's an early candidate for an underrated list of 2019, because while the humor is good and the music is fantastic, it's the gameplay that feels like something completely different, and was hard to put down.  The mixup of having to decide on the fly whether to try to keep typing with one hand or two while dodging bullets is smart: there are times that you can get a bunch of letters in by standing still, but always have to be on your guard when things are coming up. The damage system is straight to the point but smartly done, punishing really bad positioning in ways I didn't predict. Each fight has a uniqueness to them with some fun characters, and there's not a lot of “bad” about the game. It just takes a hump to get over unlearning what you'd expect from other typing games, which is fine.   While certain elements won't blow you away, it's the uniqueness of the Texorist that makes it shine, and worth picking up for typing game fans, genre mash-up fans, or people who want something completely different in the industry.  [b]Gameplay/ Stream Footage: https://youtu.be/3zAlB5iE70w?t=175[/b]    [u] Lists: [/u] [b]Positives:[/b] [list] [*] Reasonable strategy involved in the typing elements and the movement as you have to switch between a typical typing style, one handed typing, and staying still while knocking out words to attack.  [*] The book recovery mechanism does well in giving a “shield” system while having consequences to not being able to pick it up in a period of time. Designed smartly. [*] Punishes mistypes well in taking away letters without feeling hopeless that you won't catch up.  [*] Each fight has a distinct rhythm and introduces a new twist that keeps things fresh over the game.  [*] Controller control scheme is smartly done and actually does some balancing well. Granted, you won't definitely get any quick times on that one, but it's being inclusive without alienating a subset of players...mostly. [*] Story has a twist or two that works out. Good humor. [*] Some great visuals and setpieces to make those visuals work. Good character designs and reasonable pixel artwork. [*] Subtle smartness in things like the font choice making you question if it's a d or a that actually adds some difficulty to the game in unexpected ways. Seems purposeful, and well done might I add. [*] Great soundtrack. Fantastic in fact for a typing game. Sound in general is reasonably done. [*]  [/list]  [b]Negatives:[/b] [list] [*] Reasonable learning curve due to the way the game handles, as while it's good in the long run, it takes time to get up to speed.  [*] It falls a little short on the “campiness” factor that it plays up at times.  [*] Some of the “overworld” segments were puzzle elements that were straight forward, but some really didn't make a lot of sense at times.  [*] The “interactables” in the discovery portions don't always seem like interactables at first glance and seem a little pointless at times. [/list]  [Netural] [list] [*] Due to the way the game is designed control wise, left handed players are going to have a bit of a hard time as they'll need to use the right arrow keys to move. This isn't something that the devs really could easily deal with however due to just how keyboards are, and even bindable keys wouldn't really solve the issue. It's noted for those players however. [/list]
I don't recommend this game for full price; Its not worth $15 since it is pretty short, has some annoying flaws, and could have more content. BUT, I do recommend it for its unique gameplay which is really interesting and novel  This game has many flaws: - crashes - its very slow outside of the fights - annoying level select - its short - etc.  However, this game has potential! I can imagine a sequel that can take all the good elements of this game and really make it amazing...I really hope this game is successful enough to motivate the developer to create a better version of this game  So in short, I'd recommend you purchase this game (on sale) for its originality and fun gameplay and to support more games like this
Very great typing game, innovative typing game play, cool narrative universe and humor, highly recommand !
[h1] DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review [/h1]  The Textorcist: The Story of Ray Bibbia is a game developed by Morbidware and published by Headup Games  The game offers some nice graphics, although some ugly glitches here and there, it is pleasant all the same  The game does suffer with some repetitiveness at certain areas of the game but a fun game nonetheless  The Textorcist: The Story of Ray Bibbia overall, however, is a fun game to play, yet sometimes repetitive and it does get boring and tedious if being played for a long time, but is a great little casual action game to play in short bursts!  [h1] RECOMMENDED :) [/h1]  [b] REVIEW SOURCES: [/b] [list] [*] None
A weird but fun as hell hidden gem in Steam.  The game if really fucking hard midway through, but gave me some old touhou-like nostalgia accomplishment feelings beating a level after 45 minutes trying over and over, learning sweet spots and just feeling I'm actually getting better at the game.  Couldn't possibly recommend this game for everyone, since its just goddamn hard sometimes. But I'm sure as hell telling everyone about it.  Thank you devs for making this game, a breath of fresh air in the indie gaming industry that I forgot i wanted.
A great typing bullet hell. Kinda wish there were more exorcisms though.
Finally, someone figured out how to make something other than Typing Of The Dead.  You really need to use shift+WASD to move. Don't use the arrows. Please thank you.
I really like this game! Top notch pixel art, interesting story, funny dialogues and an enjoyable soundtrack. But gosh am I bad at typing, it seems...  However, a large part of the difficulty lies in the Latin incantations, which are almost exclusively used starting with the 5th Boss. I wish there was an option for only English incantations.
Game is literally too hard for me to even finish, though I think I got close.  Loved every second I spent with this one. Gorgeous pixel art, clever use of the typing aspect as a way of framing the narrative, and much more.   Highly recommended. Even if you can't beat the Exorcist in the Vatican Gardens.
Very fun cross between Typing of the Dead and a bullet hell shooter with a great soundtrack and pixel art. Maybe a bit short at 2.1 hours to complete. I found that the font that is used for the typing prompts can be a bit of a troll sometimes, making certain letters such as 'm' and 'u' difficult to distinguish.
I like this. I like typing games. The moving and typing works well to make it challenging without being too frustrating. Reminds me of Crypt of the Necrodancer except a bit easier (and obviously different, because you are typing instead of following a beat).  Only got a couple hours on it but worth the full price for me ($15).  I also enjoy the humor.  Thank you devs for allow rebinding of the movement keys! I might suggest allow rebinding of the shift key as well.
Quite difficult and a really great concept, very much worth it.
The Textorcist is an extremely mixed bag. It’s got gorgeous pixel art, a great soundtrack, a couple of solid visual gags, and an interesting fusion of bullet hell and typing game, and a whole lot of problems.  You play as Ray Bibbia, exorcist, who finds himself tangled up in a conflict against demon-summoning priests from the Vatican. The core gameplay loop sends you through brief story interludes before battling a boss in a typing+bullet hell battle. In these, you simply have to type out an exorcism to win, however, since your foes toss huge bullet curtains your way, you often have to interrupt your typing to get to safety before sneaking in a few more words. Thankfully, getting hit doesn't immediately hurt you. Instead, it knocks your book away, which you must retrieve without getting hit again.  It's a neat core concept, and manages to walk a tightrope of feeling overwhelming, yet just manageable enough that I always wanted to keep going. Between missions, you get low-key story segments with some light puzzles to give you some downtime after the intensity of a fight, and it did wonders for the pacing. On top of that, you have gorgeous pixel art all over the place, with some especially wonderful looking demon designs. Finally, the soundtrack is great and really got me in the right headspace for the tense boss battles.  However, despite of its great elements, The Textorcist can be really frustrating in places. Apart from the general high level of difficulty, the book-getting-knocked-away mechanic made me want to pull out my hair at times. When you get hit and drop it, you get a very brief window to pick it back up, and if you don't reach it in time, the sentence you're currently working on gets reset. Losing your sentence right near the end is agonizing, and it's made worse when a huge blob of bullets stands between you and your book and you have to take a hit to recover it in time. The thing is, as the game goes on, difficult retrievals become more and more common, which just means more soul-crushing sentence resets.  The narrative is a bit grating too. There's a big tone problem here. Sometimes the game is trying to be a serious story about redemption, but it doesn't really work. Ray is deeply unlikable, and the game seems to think that him beating up demons is somehow supposed to make us forgive him for being a jackass who abandoned his child? I'm not on board. The game swerves between this redemption story and a lot of comedy attempts, and unfortunately, a lot of them fall flat. There are a couple of solid gags (I really enjoyed the visual humor in the Naples mission), but most of the rest was a bizarre mishmash of weak jokes and tryhard, edgy comedy that came across as cringeworthy.  Overall, I enjoyed the game, but it's definitely not for everybody. If you can get over the weak narrative and sometimes frustrating difficulty, there's a really neat and unique game here that may be worth it just for the great aesthetics and neat gameplay hook. I'd recommend trying the demo before you buy, since this really isn't for everyone.
The Textorcist is one of the most interesting and fun pixel games I've come across. It's strange, silly, and cool as hell. I'm stuck on what I believe is the last boss and it hasn't ever felt like a chore to play. The game needs a boss rush mode so you can tread through your previous encounters but other than that I'm quite satisfied. I already want dlc.  Ps - Whoever "D.I.E." is, you're one wicked textorcist. Your scores are killer! And so is this game! Buy it!
Typing game meets bullet hell. The idea of battling demons by typing the appropriate exorcism is great and it's executed very well with a series of bosses crazier and crazier in design, patterns and difficulty (with a wonky curve... bosses 6, 7 and 8, out of 10 in total, are the hardest by far). This game is really hardcore! It also has a nice pixel art, great OST by GosT and humorous writing with countless nods to Italian culture. It has some bugs and annoyances but it's great!
Hard as hell, awesome retro graphics, incredible music, interesting mechanics. I love this game.
Really cool game that deserves more attention. Every game that tries do something new and unique instead of another battle royale deserves some credit!
Unique game with great mechanics and soundtrack.  Currently there's no difficulty slider so if you aren't used to asymmetrical tasks it is quite challenging. The difficulty curve is a bit off with the last two fights being seemingly easier than the two before. 
type"uninstall"to protect your brain 邪典游戏 11/10
This Game is From sadist, for sadists :D its fucking hard, but Fun all the time, i am also very suprised from the good story, Music and nice charater design. !!!   8/10 !
I AM ENOCH VARG, THE DEVIL'S SON, AND YOU'RE GONNA PAY FOR THIS.  The Textorcist is a fun, and charming game based solely around performing exorcisms by typing them out, and dodging bullets. There's really not a whole lot else to say about the game. The characters, and dialogue are both very enjoyable, and the music is very catchy. The game gets pretty difficult around the 5th boss, but never stops being fun. Replayability comes in the form of high scores, and leaderboards, and is honestly just fun enough to want to refight bosses just to do it. The game has a demo, so I recommend at least giving it a shot. For $15, or the $12.75 I paid for it during the launch promotion, I can definitely say I got my moneys worth.
First off, let's get some of the negative things out of the way; the game has an incredible difficulty spike in the middle, and then it tapers off at the end, with the final boss not being nearly as hard as some of the other bosses. Also, the tone varies a bit too much between comical and serious, and personally, I would have preferred if it had stayed more comical. Finally, there are some spots where it's evident that the game was not created by native English speakers.  That aside, the game is fantastic! Not only does it have plenty "laugh out loud" moments, but the artwork, music, and overall feel is phenomenal. The gameplay is very tight, and is challenging while still being very clear and fair. The overall plot left me always wanting more, and I was quite satisfied with the conclusion. The only thing I wish is that the game could have been a bit longer, but considering the small crew that made it, its length is completely understandable.   It's great to see a fresh game like this be released by Italians, and I heartily recommend it! Good typing!
This game is an amazing meet point between golden classic gameplay mechanics and innovative way of slain bullethelly (literally helly) bosses created with incredible pixel-artsy work, in various and immersive (and hard, this game is actually hard) battles orbiting a well scripted and writed main story spiced with fresh humour and dramatic turn-ups, the story of Ray and his war against his demons and also actual demons, bad anddeadly demons, trough the streets of Rome. The game is really challenging, but not in a frustrating way and you will have pleasure in playing the bosses again and again to improve your results, beat your records and learn where the crap is "u" key on your keyboard without turning off your eyes from the screen while satan itself sodomize the poor Ray. So what else i have to say, try the demo, love it and buy the full game!
I had the pleasure of playing the demo of this game (known then simply as "Ray Bibbia") at the Comicon in Naples in 2017. I was immediately surprised by how well the bullet-hell and quick-type mechanics blended together. The full game is just as awesome as I expected; here's a quick list of what i consider the strenghts and weaknesses of this game:  Strengths:  it's a one-of-a-kind game; the pixel art is GOOD; the music is BETTER; and all in all, it's really really fun!  Weaknesses:  the tone and pacing of the dialogue is kind of weird and uneven, plus, there's the occasional typo here and there, which makes me (an italian native) wish there was an italian version to better appreciate the humor the developers had in mind; the game is pretty linear (well at least as far as I've come) and is basically a boss rush, and makes me think about how awesome it would have been if you could actually explore the world of the Textorcist in a sort of JRPG fashion with climactic boss battles. Overall, I think the story would have benefitted from a more serious tone, and some characters feel like they try too hard to be funny.   CAUTION: this game is hard as BALLS. BALLS!  Tl;dr the game is awesome, its weak point is mainly the story and the unevenness of its tone overall. But that doesn't affect the experience that much. 8/10 definitely recommended  
Extremely challenging and fun to play! The graphic is absolutely gorgeous and the music fits perfectly. Recommended if you think you're a typing god.  Unfortunally I've experienced issues with the fullscreen setting, when there's an app sending notifications in the background, the game will automatically resize in a corner, the problem can be solved playing the game stretched or windowed. Nothing that can't be fixed with an update anyway.
This, ladies and gentlemens, is a really great game! The perfet mix of bullet hell, with a typing game, distopian 199X Rome setting, spuernatural horror, and a classic 90's look that reminds me of Dreamweb! Challenging, addicting, nerve wracking and overall fun! Probably you won't get all the hidden references if you are not Italian but still is a really great game that can be entertaining to everyone! Great work guys!
This game is one of the best experiences lately.  Dialogues are very well written and hilarious, the challenging gameplay will force you to improve and to change the way you play even if you expect to always do the same thing. There will be time in which you need to rush, times in which you'll type one letter every 5 seconds, time where you'll search for the game breaking spot.   Soundtrack is godlike, please please play it with your headphones on.   I'm so glad Italy created this, I'm very proud!
A beautifully ridiculous premise for a game executed perfectly.
You can finally use words to banish gangsters, demons and priests alike...
Original gameplay
Very, very funny and hard! I love the use of the "Holyvetti" computer to search info on the Internet :-) Great work!
Okay so let me be clear, I fruggin LOVE this game. It's got a great pixel art style, animation, the gameplay is hilariously awkward trying to dodge with one hand and find a safe moment to type or awkwardly type with one hand as you're dodging a lot of nonsense. This is truly a bullet hell and a difficult game. I wasn't prepared emotionally for this at all.   BUT  This game suffers from a couple of incredibly rage inducing things that are a technical problem and not just a difficulty problem. One of the bosses is in an arena space and there's just inexplicable invisible walls next to objects. It's frustrating when some of the fights last for so long and then something like that happens and it costs an attempt. The game also seems to have a resolution issue. When I started, everything seemed to function fine, but once I got to a boss fight that zoomed in, I realized I couldn't see my character. Once I set the screen to "stretch" I could see the entire sentence is on the bottom of the screen and I never knew this! So make sure you set that before you start! The other more concerning factor is that at certain points of the game, when there's a lot of torches flickering, the entire game bogs down and drops frames dramatically. I don't have a powerhouse of a PC, but it's beyond anything this game should require. Then it's made worse that a boss will perform a move that fills the screens as bullet hells do, but the game hiccups and throws the timing off horribly. In a typing/dodging game that punishes you for missing a keystroke or your timing, it can be rage inducing to experience. Restarting the game fixes this and after that, I was just dying to my own stupidity and greed rather than the game having issues!  TLDR; Looks pretty, great humor, challenging,   I type 90wpm and it's still very challenging for me as a typist and I have light experience with bullet hells  Resolution resets when I alt tab, game seems to start dropping frames until you reset it, invisible walls are frustrating.
I think if they used this as a learning-to-type game back in school I'd have some fucked up typing habits. Other than that, this game is pretty fun, especially if you can type on your keyboard without looking at the screen. If you're not able to do that, this game might teach you how... or motivate you learn.  I'd like to add this game is pretty damn funny and the sound track is on fire.  EDIT: If you want to cheat at this game, have one person type while the other person dodges.
This game's strongest point is the immersion and I am now interested in learning Latin.
It's terrific. It's hard as heck. It's a boss-heavy (think Cuphead?) shoot'em'up (insert SHMUP here) where you use typing as your method of attack. I squealed, "this.... is.... awesome!!!!" while playing it. Multiple times. It's also super hard. Even if you're a good typist. That might even make it harder, because you *need* to get used to moving with one hand and typing with the other.  A gem.   ~ EDIT @ 5 hour mark: This game is brutally hard and I am having trouble continuing, even though I want to. I touch-type fairly well (over 100WPM generally, peaking around 120) and I have spent the last two hours agonizing over a boss fight. Perhaps there is a technique that I am missing — I've come within mere letters of defeating it — but it is *excruciating*. I think the main issue is upon getting hit, the book can fly darn well wherever it pleases, which is sometimes fair, and sometimes totally unfair and just in a mess of bullets. Whether or not you'll need to re-type a massively lengthy thing can feel really arbitrary. And the timer on the book is just - so - short.   I really feel it would be in the developer's favor to make some assorted difficulty or assistance sliders. I get that you want the game to be tough, but .... recently, games like Celeste, which can be really tough, have a few options to adjust for certain attributes of the game; CrossCode is another cool example. Would it really be that hard to, at a minimum, have various difficulty levels where the timer of the book could be adjusted?  At this point, I am really conflicted about recommending it to folks - if I can't finish it, I really don't think many of my friends could.
First 5 minutes of the game: JOJO's REFERENCE. 10²/10  
You'll wish you learned how to type better as a young child.
Its a fun game, in the later stages it can get a bit more challenging. I like the atmosphere with the music and the level design. Its a nice mix of throwing discs and solving puzzles with the disk. The disc physics work really well. At first I thought it would be too easy, but along the way, new objectives are added. For example you have to shoot enemies with the disk or use the shield to solve the puzzles.
Utsuho's insanely fun to screw around with. She has pretty basic danmaku shots, but her 4th shot is Nuclear Excursion, which puts her in X-Mode and allows her to spam Giga Flare and in general nuke everything while yelling at the top of her lungs. If I had to pick only one DLC player, I'd pick her.
You get four normal dungeons, one puzzle dungeon, a side story, and a maid from this.  The side story is about Reimu and Sakuya doing shenanigans, and actually is a pretty decent read.  The puzzle dungeon is my personal favorite part since it involves pretty clever movement and tricks with time stopping and teleporting.  Sakuya herself has an actual time stop that lasts a number of turns, so find the Ora! and Muda! weapons lying around in the dungeons, equip them both, freeze time, and punch donut holes in everything that you see while time is frozen. No, you can't throw knives and have them stop mid-air.  Two of the four extra dungeons have extremely, extremely good equipment drops. For the invested player, I think that's the biggest draw here. It'll save a lot of time trying to find some otherwise unobtainable equipment, and some Blue Seals can only be found in the hardest of the four dungeons.  [spoiler]Also, you get to fight a Cirno in an optional boss battle in one of the dungeons. You can throw Hot Water at her and watch Gensokyo explode.[/spoiler]
This bit of DLC gives a new character, Sakuya Izayoi, and a new sidestory, Clock Remains. Clock Remains includes a pair of rather vanilla dungeons. One opens up to another, the latter of which has a boss. In addition, there's a set of puzzle dungeons that revolve around Sakuya's danmaku set. If you like the puzzle dungeons in the base game, this should be pretty satisfying. You get decent rewards out of it too.  Sakuya is the main highlight of this DLC. Her danmaku (which can viewed in the game along with danmaku for all the other characters whether or not you have bought/unlocked them) includes a straight shot that can bind, a three-way shot, a forward teleport, and a timestop. The first three are pretty basic, but the last one, Sakuya's World, is godly. You can use it to stop time during boss fights and spam Spell Cards in their face, which can be a little broken in runs where you're allowed to bring items, since you can grab a lot of Spell Cards to bring. I haven't encountered that many bosses yet, but for situations where you can use Sakuya as a player character, she serves as a great boss-killer. Her only downside is a lack of proper AoE danmaku, but it's worth the boss-killing potential.  Dungeons: 7/10 (rather vanilla, but the puzzle dungeons are fun) Story: 7/10 (no spoilers here) Sakuya: 10/10 (great boss killer. Her binding shot is also good. Also she's a maid.)  Overall: 9/10
She can walk on water.  Not only that, but she also seriously powers up when even on a tile adjacent to water (Superstrong + Regenerate + Double Speed), and can generate puddles with some of her danmaku that also count as water and power her up, and... you get the idea.  Besides being completely overpowered in that regard, her Jump attack is pretty cool.  Edit: She also randomly curses enemies when they attack her, giving them a status ailment.
She can float.  Basically, that means she negates all traps and can float over water. Additionally, she also is a contender for the best Lv. 1 danmaku shot, since it hits multiple times and gets stronger as Tojiko levels up. I personally think she might be one of if not the best character in the game, especially in 99 floor dungeons where traps result in your death and you need to escape by flying away into water.  Also, hitting enemies with a rail gun is pretty cool, too.
She gets doubled HP upon levelup, so consider her for dungeons where you can retain her level. Kasen has a cute walking animation and voice, but other than that I feel she's kinda mediocre. Her danmaku isn't too special, sadly, although the range is ridiculous.
Rei'sen probably has some of the most unusual danmaku compared to the others. A weird Lv. 1 that hits randomly in a diamond shape, an instant death Lv. 2, a Lv. 3 where she actually can steal enemy items which might help with grinding, and a seriously strong Lv. 4 where she summons a Mecha Rabbit that pretty much is an invincible tank that aggros everything in sight. I personally think she's one of the coolest DLC characters next to Utsuho and Sakuya, even though she's not very popular in the fandom.  She can handle weapons with the Splash seal without damaging herself. Since most weapons with the Splash seal are guns, it makes sense considering her military background.  [spoiler]She also can naturally negate Watatsuki no Toyohime's instant death fan attack. Why would she wanna annihilate her own pet bunny?[/spoiler]
A lot of seal slots, but the price is kinda too expensive (not the real purchase)
reimu thicc
Great time management game. Well made, has a simple tutorial(you can turn it off) that will let you know how to use new things. If you like this type of game, you should take a peek. I was not disappointed. :D
this is a top down puzzle time management game, the first few levels are very basic to get you in the swing of things, then it intruduces more paths and obsticles and end requirements, complete in a fast time to get three stars, but thats all there is to it,  there are no skill trees or point spending, just a basic time clicker, I see no problems in graphics or bugs, nice and smooth, worth a grab at reduced price, but nothing "A" game for big money.  *UPDATE* about half way in the game now and it is quite challenging, to get three stars you have to get everything in the right order fast, if you want three stars in everything, be prepared to grind levels till you work out the best and fastest way to clear, some are a little too hard for me, I was out on 2 levels so far by litterally 3-4 seconds, this is not for someone who is a little slower with the mouse, but still enjoying clearing levels.  thanks for reading.
Awesome game
Pros: - Each level lets you take as long as you want/need, despite the timer. - The tutorial is very effective. - Despite not being a proper puzzle game some levels do require low levels of strategic planning. - You can continue on with the story regardless of how many stars you earned for the previous levels, as long as you finish the level before moving on to the next. - You can pause and restart levels whenever you want, and you can replay levels whenever you want.  Cons: - Young players will find it frustrating or impossible to try and achieve 3 stars on every level. - The story is quite lacklustre.
For a Metroidvania, this game really has a Dark Souls feeling. Most "souls-like" games are just unfairly hard, but this is different. Legacy of Lina requires a great amount of precision, like in the Souls series, most of the time you die because you haven't played optimally and it's SUPER GOOD to do it again and pass it. So if you like real challenge, look no further, that's your game.  Pros: - A challenging gameplay; - Good, appealing clean graphics; - Responsive commands, with maximum precision (no blaming the controls);  Cons: - No audio controls (but great sfx!); - Fullscreen preference resets every time; - Menus are hard to navigate;
Really enternaining! This game is quite difficult at first, but once you get the hang of it, it goes smoothly. The story is really mysterious, I really want to see what happens in the end!  The scenario and its obstacles are tricky sometimes and it teases your creativity in order to find a way to beat them. Really! Took me almost one hour to figure out how to kill the first mage! haha I won't give any spoilers nor anything. I really recommend this game! My hint is: Be prepared to face death a "few" times!
Well, let's get started with this review. This is a really challenging 2D game, really good for players who enjoy practicing techniques and testing skills to improve their player skill (Oh yes, you'll have to exercice and test a lot the combos and skills to advance in this game). I could say this is a good game for strong players.
This is a nice and usefu piece of software.
As both game developer and artist I dont always have the patience or time to draw every single frame in fx animations. This excellent and affordable piece of software offers just the amount of shortcuts and flexibility I need to create really great-looking 2d effects in a matter of minutes!
I had a german version with some translation mistakes..  Help was fast and i got now an English Version. Verry happy about this! Good support and a nice functional prog with many settings to do, very user friendly interface.  Nice work, I specialy like that effects inbound solution window on right side! The  lifetime colour is much more functional easy to use than i before known it elsewhere.  Cause of the  control panel I like this solution so far best of all programs of this kind I saw.  Everything works well.
the game is jamed ,the game is not workng
All right, let’s start with a small gripe. This is the latest game in the Witches’ Legacy series to be released on Steam. However, it is also the earliest chronologically in the series. And based on the “Other Games” page... Well, we are missing “The Charleston Curse”. This is a slight annoyance to me, since I like reading/playing stories from the beginning…  Anyway, you have apparently dealt with a witch before, and saved your relative Lynn (who is still a child). Unfortunately, the power within her has begun to manifest further and the witch you thought dead may not be so… extinct. Now, you must rush to save Lynn again.  The plot is engaging, the HO scenes fun, and the minigames challenging. Get in the bundle.
You play as a princess (surprise!) who journeys to the neighboring Black Unicorn Kingdom to your best friend’s wedding… one she does not wish to happen! Seems that Isa character is still about… Also, your friend’s father made a promise with said Isa to heal his daughter… and the wedding is the repayment. You need to figure out the dark plots afoot and rescue your friend.  Plot is fun, HO scenes intriguing, and the minigames challenging. Recommend purchase in the bundle.
wonderful. good value  first item i bought on steam and is worth the money, mammoth coin discount plus two free items
AWESOME
Thanks ubisoft for the great packs
 yeah that's good 
As someone who spent monay on a lot of games i can only say that if u dont mind spending monay on games should buy this 100% trust me its worth the monay
Lamp memes.
if you hate bugs this pack is not for you but if you love them GET IT NOW NOW NOW
I have the set now
Really nice pack. 
great value, if you buy MC there isnt a reason not to buy this pack, hey plus you get a cool avatar and weapon skin
I like the sword skin in this bundle! You should definitely but this!  
The best ;) make it 500 coins and 3.5 dollars ;) this will be better and u can add more things ;) thanks Brawlhalla <3
These themed championship packs are well worth it if you enjoy the game and want to support Blue Mammoth Games, the pack itself gives you some nice items. Also 300 mammoth coins is about $10-15 so this is well worth it!
idh idea  ;D gl guys
Worth it 100%.  The scythe looks fantastic and comes with cheap mammoth coins.
nice scythe 10/10
good
I was playing this game when i shot this angry African man he used wireshark to find my info and send a army of children to murder my family plz add vpn dlc
The art and concept is great but the rest is not. Art wins for me but not a very good game. Stick to Mortal Kombat if you dont like Robots. This game needs a lot of work. I needed controller companion just to get my xbox controller to work.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOeu0bKnv64&t=472s
Most ambitious cyborg fighting game since the infamous Rise of the Robots (1994)  Fascinating.
This game I think is still in development. This game is good when the online mode is made.
Tattoo
Little Teal gremlin and [citation needed}¹ 1- It was awesome as always 121212/100 would play again
[gently pounding hands on the table and chanting] Goat dad goat dad goat dad
Galekh's schtick with his footnotes was great- Make sure to click the footnotes to actually see what he's saying! Tirona came entirely out of left-field but honestly, you go you little memelord.
This installment was delightful!!  [spoiler]I'm glad we got to see more Tagora.[/spoiler]
Good art, music, and writing for one dollar. Friendsim quality has really gone up.
I loved it. Really enjoying learning more about troll culture and the weird sounds trolls can make.
Hunk Galekh confirmed! [spoiler] Also Mallek is back! [/spoiler]  Tirona isn't my fav but her route is great [spoiler] cuz best troll Tyzias comes back and we get to hug her [/spoiler]
To anyone who is having a problem  not being able to play the game, I would go into your Library, then to downloads, then look where it says that friendsim needs an update and click install! If its already installed idk how to help you but yeah! I hope this helped! 
wow i cant believe the hiveswap team cured the oversaturation of twinks 😞 truly doing god's work
I bought it but it wont let me play it. I don't know what's happening, but it really won't let me play. I love it but I really wanna play it.
When troll call came out, Tirona especially didnt stand out much to me. This volume of friendsim definitely changed that. I think it is interesting to see a character, especially a young one who is enthusiastic about advancing in troll society. Again, involvement of other friendsim characters is what i really like seeing. Galekh also ended up being different than i expected, i was not sure what to think of his route, but i think his interpersonal interactions are especially interesting. As usual, excellent visuals and music.
one ticked off the bucket list
These are both especially good routes with multiple calls back to previous characters. I loved Galekh's route especially. There was an entire conversation I wanted to screenshot, but couldn't stop reading and laughing. I am so happy. Pay the $0.99, it's worth it.
nice remake of crimsonland with interesting changes. for this price is good enough to spend some time. i hope the game will evolve and more levels come up, updates are quite often now.
10 unity platformers out of 20.
Sometimes too much gore, but its really exciting.
Super fun!
This game is good for the price. There's a few issues with the writing that I assume is due to translation errors, but they don't take away from gameplay so I don't see it as as much of an issue as others might. There isn't an in-game slider for volume as far as I can tell, but that's fine because I usually change the volume of games with the volume mixer rather than in-game settings anyways, though I could see it as a potential negative for some. It was hard to learn the timing of blocking, at least for me(but I think I'm just bad). There's a quirky mechanic of you recover faster when music is playing based on how loud the music is, and I think it would be cooler if the music was on more often. From what I gather, there's stages, and in each stage there's a selection of characters. You have a starter character in every stage and unlock new ones by beating them. You need to unlock a certain amount of characters in the stage to move on to the next. There's a review complaining that there wasn't 100 characters, but I'm assuming that's because they stopped playing before they unlocked a new stage and didn't understand how it worked. Each character has different stats and an ability. My favorite so far is the first stage's starter character (Wizard) who has Backtrack. When you get punched there's a chance to reset your character's health and durability(I'll get into this later) to 2 and a half seconds from the time you got punched. It's a good safeguard against characters who do a lot of damage per hit, or those with high body hardness.  So, here's how the fighting works. You got Light Left Punch, Light Right Punch, Heavy Left Punch, Heavy Right Punch, Backstep, Dash, Dodge(but pressing backstep and dash at the same time), Block Right, and Block Left. When you hit with an attack, your fist loses durability. If you break a fist, you can't use it until it regenerates. If your opponent blocks a punch, your fist loses extra durability based on their body hardness. Your fist has more durability based on your fist hardness. Dash moves you a small amount towards your opponent quickly, Backstep does the opposite. Dodge moves you slightly back, and some characters have abilities that activate when you successfully dodge an attack. Your fists and hp regenerate over time.  When you land a hit, you get a point and your opponent takes damage to their hp. You win a round at 12 points or if your opponent runs out of hp. The battles are in best of seven, so winning four rounds wins the match(and unlocks the opponent's character for you if you haven't already).   Some last takeaways of what I want in possible future updates(I'm not sure if the devs are planning on continuously updating the game, but hey): I would really appreciate a slider to tone down the visuals. They look really cool, but sometimes block my vision from the opponent's right side, meaning I don't know if I should be blocking or not immediately after I get hit. If possible I would appreciate a way to fight against other humans, or change the AI difficulty. Some more music would be nice, at least enough to have consistent background music to make use of that recharge mechanic(possibly even having music that gets more frantic as someone gets closer to winning a round or something).  Overall, I'd recommend the game, if at least give support for something that might be amazing in the future :)
Amazing game, 10/10
Giraffe Town was something that you must play if you have no knowledge about the game. If you love abnormal games that challenge you, challenge your understanding of games, etc, this game is for you. It's fun.
An absolute masterpiece. If you have $8 to spend, play it
Beautiful game. Turned me into an emotional trainwreck. We're all just searching for Love.
You play as a rhino, it's amazing
It made me quite ill. Take that as you will.
So this game is super spooky and it's just so realistic on so many levels, like you feel like you are the giraffe. Like a toddler you can't walk and you don't know where to go or what to do, and just as he discovers his way to go, he starts to get back up whenever he falls. Also the Endboss is spicy.  T-pose/10 for this game.
Game is the big spookerama, I highly recommend this drug trip of a game.
It's great. Loved how raw it is. It's nice to see someone being a little more playful with the rythm and editing of cutscenes. It also has one of the best psychedelic sequence you'll find in a video game.
This rivals klabi
This reminds me of the time at the age of 6 i was born with feet for hands.
Giraffe Town is a game that doesn't just ask for your patience, it demands it. But it knows you can succeed, all you have to do is believe in yourself as much as it believes in you.
it's like a rage game, except for some reason, it feels really calming, and progression gets easier as you move on controller is recommended though. i haven't been able to do the weird cult part yet but I have high hopes for it
This is like Resident Evil met Zero Escape series, there is everything that is perfect in this game: atmospheric soundtrack, mystic decorations, black humor, GTA-styled animations, and that snowfall is miraculous. Without a joke, Samer, that game is nearly a masterpiece. Completed it all. Spin kick! Potato Man wins :>
The best emotional rollercoaster any game could ever give you 11/10
It's like getting over it but it's actually good and has an actual sense of humor and doesn't take itself too seriously. You know, as opposed to say the dev huffing his own farts and clicking the next button on brainy quote. Instead you get a wildly unpredictable and frustratingly hard game with a cool plot with memorable characters that is both funny and scary in equal supply that is so bizarre and interesting I don't think I will ever forget it.
The game is really hard. But it keeps motivating you to progress further.  It's funny, it's silly, violent, sometimes sad, make you smile a lot, even make you rage quit sometimes, but it always makes you get back. Imagine a shorter version of Silent Hill but playing with a Giraffe with slippery feet.
Giraffe Town is one of my favorite short games I couldn't even finish. This little gem basically alternates between drawn out cutscenes and intentionally hard to control gamplay sections. The whole ends up being more than the sum of it's parts though; blending Lynchian cinematography, PS2 era horror nostalgia, masocore hyperfocus, and a comfortably self aware creepy pasta vibe, Giraffe Town got to me in some weird ways. Full review here:  https://untitledporkchop.com/2018/10/09/giraffe-town-put-me-on-a-weird-road-to-nowhere/
Few games have left me in shock and awe the way Giraffe Town has.  What intially starts as a "rage-like" game, controlling a giraffe that can barely standup, eventually makes twists and turns that redefine the game and its mechanics several times over again, making for a constantly unpredicatable experience.  Beneath its bizarre, eeire, off-kilter (and I mean that quite literally) surface, is a game with a lot of heart, and a deeper message that lingers aound every corner. This game taught me to be patient and take my time, and in doing so, I was rewarded with an experience that I know I will never forget.   At times it is unreasonably difficult, seeming more like a fault of the game's controls and design, but, at the same time, it adds to the game's already weird charm and idenitiy.  It's dark and twisted, moments are flat out distrubing. It scared the hell out of me, it managed to make my laugh, it also squirm with discomfort. This game is for people who like the weird and unusual.   (Also, playing with a controller is HIGHLY recommended.)
Wow, what a unique and interesting game. I have to give the developer credit for going with a style that you don't see very frequently. If anyone has played "Happy Wheels" , or "Getting Over It", this guy is right in line with the absurdity of those games. Only he's included some mind bending that's not too different from Jacob's ladder or silent Hill. The game is challenging and confusing to say the least. It gives off a foreboding vibe yet is somehow hilarious. Honestly this was a pleasure to play as well as for chat to watch. The experience was well worth the money 8/10.  Check out my gameplay here for some laughs https://youtu.be/xyMlAVMOUS4
"This is rather pointless" I said to myself before purchasing the software... but after purchasing the software, It gives you better control over the audio.  I didn't expect this app to be this good.
It's about time digging in software hub to find this beautiful software. It's very useful for switching playback and changing volume between programs running dynamically just by pressing hotkey.  [b]Thank you so much dev![/b]  [strike]Goodbye right click sound icon > sound > playback > set as default[/strike]
Excellent work,Easy To Use,Life is more Easy  a Must Have Thank you very much  ;-)
This software is great! It works correctly for changing the volume quickly mid-game by the use of hotkeys would totally recommend for those who multitask between different games.
Anyone who uses more than a simple browser should definitely use this. As someone who always has to fiddle with audio levels, this saves me so much time in the long run.
Great program, worth it if you often change volumes of the games you play
On launch Quixer added that functionality that windows should have offered allowing the user to set up hotkey to increase, decrease, or mute the volume of the currently open program.  Since then (in less then a month) the regular updates have changed this from a simple (and great looking) fix of missing windows functionality, into a legitimately powerful tool for controlling audio.
I've used this for precisley 27 seconds and realized it's one of the greatest things ever... In fact: Steam is literally telling me "You need to have used this product for at least 5 minutes before posting a review for it (1 minutes on record)"   Given the fact that I'm on the computer a lot - web apps, windows apps, discord, youtube, vlc... All of these things together become a nightmare to equalize their levels on the fly, and windows is of little help. When I simply held ctrl then adjusted volume for the app I was in... Game changer.
Quixer is a great add-on for Windows! If you are like me and enjoy watching some YouTube videos while playing video game, this software is for you. Normally you have to go into the game option, select audio and then you can change the Master Volume. Also, some games doesn't have this option. So, you need to drag every volume slider or Alt-Tab and change the volume from the Mixer.  Well, not anymore with Quixer!
Great application, this is how you would expect Windows to naturally behave. Good thing we have Quixer! Fantastic work, Senerio!   It really is effortless to setup and use, give it a shot, you won't regret it.
My in-depth thoughts on the game.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1u8h9o5Z5I0  TL:DW Scandalous Secrets is a big departure from the first game. Instead of 3d shooting combat and puzzle solving, it's now mostly 2d shooting with more boss fights.  It's just as ridiculous as the first game, the humor is still here and the plot was fun, but not nearly as memorable as the first game. The combat is better overall, but the platforming sections feel pretty awkward and loose.  This franchise has gone to some interesting places, but I'm not sure where you could go from here. Once you go into space, you can't get any higher than that.  Still worth playing I felt, wishing best of luck on future endeavors. _0  
Really great addition to the first one, adds platforming sections and some really cool side quests and secrets to discover. The characters are still fully voiced and the game is hilarious. I recommend playing the first game before playing this one if you haven't already. Don't let the graphics turn you off, the characters and gameplay are enjoyable if you a sense of humor and aren't expecting a AAA title here.
Candice is back!  TL:DR  Good Stuff: -unique artstyle -excelent soundtracks  10-15 hours of solid gameplay -reasonably difficult but not imposible  Bad Stuff: -weapon balance not perfect -sometimes glitchy and buggy  In this new instalment, the humour is as trashy as ever, the story (which follows directly from the first game) manages to push the limit on how ridiculous it can get and the art style and music remain just as creative and unique as in the first game. However, the game plays quite differently.  For starters, the endless spam of goofy 3d-inflatable projectiles in the first game is replaced your typical 2d-action-platformer mechanics, though the wide variety of characters and abilities makes it far more complex than the first game. Most notably, the game as a whole is a lot more difficult, but at least there are numerous checkpoints.  All in all, there is a surprising amount of gameplay for what is essentially a joke of a game. Completing it in a few hours like the first game is doable, but it is impossibly hard unless you perform all the side quests to obtain the upgraded weapons and rank up your characters, which takes a good 10-15 hours.  That being said, the weapons are not very well balanced (Candice's Dark B*tch Bullet is incredibly overpowered while Sebodore as a whole is mostly useless) and I did run across a few crashes and game-breaking bugs (such as getting the airsip stuck on top of the docks and having to jump-glitch from the mountain to get to it in order to progress) but they were far and few and generally did not affect the gameplay experience.  Definitely reccomend it (along with the first game) if you want an out-of-this world experience
This game is absoloutely amazing, a modern piece of art. It has redefned the way i see video games.   With it´s stunning next gen graphics, immersive world, responsive and polished controls, deep and engaging story and the best combat system in gaming to date this game is absolutely flawless and perfect.  Everyone should play this piece of art and it is a marvelous experience that will change your life forever.  Cons: Karen took the kids, otherwise flawless.  11/10 "Greatest game of all time, the true Game of the Year"
I have finally gotten the time to play the game and I just had to stop playing it.   I stopped playing at the ice cave area. I got frustrated when I kept dying by the enemies that I couldn’t kill which were a snowman and a snowflake thing. Like, even though you have infinite lives, there’s just no way that I’m going to waste my time trying to beat that level ever again.    PROS - Music in the game is top notch, yet again. Considering that one person most likely made the music, I felt that some of the songs are really good. - I liked how linear and straightforward the game is - There were different characters that you could play which was cool - Full of voice acting - Original story  CONS - When I was playing the game, I also felt like I heard some of these lines before. Basically, we were just being fed no effort lines from the first game. The first time when Candice is talking to Shani, I got it, the developer even stats it in the game saying “Haven’t I heard this before?” So, why add many more lines from the first game within candies story?  - Checkpoints suck because a lot of them have an enemy in the vicinity where you basically get hurt once you spawn...  - World map levels are way too big for their own good. The place to fight your sister is great and the ice place was positioned good as well but walk below and there’s nothing for like 30 secs or something until you hit an invisible wall. Could have used some direction when I was told that I need to fight her.  - Houses are now planes which is ok I guess and it makes it easier to make but before they were 3d. - Wall climbing is just not very good. - No option to change sound of music. It would always play a bit louder than the voice acting or it was loud enough that it was distracting when trying to hear what the character was saying. Yes, I can read the text but there needs to be balance. - Pretty much a 2d platformer now   I’d prefer to just listen to the devs music than play the game. Might have to watch someone beat the game now. :-/
[h1]TL;DR:[/h1] If you loved the first game, you'll more than likely love this sequel, as well. I know I do, despite certain jumping mechanics.  Now then, let's move onto what's good, bad, and "meh" about the game.  [h1]Pros:[/h1] [u]Graphics:[/u] While certainly an acquired taste, I just absolutely love the artstyle. It looks so alien, so unusual, and yet quite eye-catching as well. It just radiates a "so bad it's good" kind of vibe. [u]Music:[/u] While the in-game jokes are usually a "miss" for me, the music more than makes up for it. Taking on a similar "so bad it's good" tone with the singing and lyrics, the music itself is very well done. I haven't found a track I disliked yet. [u]Voice Acting:[/u] Another thing that can be a mixed bag for people, I found the voice work in the game very well done. It gives the characters a lot of their personality, and can be amusing in its own right. All the line reads were spot-on quality.  [h1]Mehs:[/h1] [u]Humor:[/u] Most of the humor for me came from the singing in the background as the characters in game spoke to each other. The actual dialog's attempts at humor is a mixed bag. It can be quite amusing when characters are dissing each other, but the self-referencial "haha we're in a video game" jokes continue to fail at generating even a smile. [u]2D Dungeons:[/u] While it is a shame that the 3D dungeons from the first game are gone, these dungeons (usually) aren't too bad. [u]Checkpoints:[/u] Very handy, but with so many scattered throughout each dungeon, one could claim it makes the game almost too easy. Key word being "almost." [u]Crashes/Lag Spikes:[/u] While the game did not crash for me, personally, I did experience lag spikes. They usually cropped up during loading a new area, so it wasn't too bad. I did have one instance where a lag spike occurred during a fight with a projectile-spitting enemy, which was a little harrowing, since it seemed like the game really WOULD crash. But it didn't, so. Meh.  [h1]Cons:[/h1] [u]Wall Jump Mechanics:[/u] Oh. My. God. Easily the most frustrating aspect of this game, is trying to master the walljumping. While I can land left-to-right jumps most of the time, it seems like half the time I don't move far enough left during a right-to-left jump to actually grab onto the wall, and end up losing a lot of upwards progress. THIS is where lots of checkpoints become a God-send. [u]Difficult Enemies:[/u] Seems like the enemies have been doing a lot of training since the first game, since all the enemies past the first dungeon seem to have a boatload of HP. Don't even get me started on those Sexy Ghosts.  In conclusion, buy this game. Buy it now. Buy the soundtrack. If you haven't bought the prequel, go buy that, as well. ... ... ...What are you still doing here? Go buy it!
dis game iz sooo fun bbz excitd to keep on playin xx  new typez of gameplay wit old facez. Luv it!!
I saw it being reviewed by Jim Sterling and while he was playing it the song of the game was drilling into my brain slowly, at first it was hurtful but then it stayed and planted itself into my brain as a parasite, it became part of me... The next day it was ringing into my ear most of the time, it made me watch the video review again only to be more and more involved into the game as well. So then my urge grew to the limit to buy the game and hear more of its music. I know the songs are in YouTube but I felt the songs I haven't heard would lose their "magic" if they weren't listened properly with the ambientalization of the game, so I bought the game and it wasn't bad, here are my points after finishing the game:  Pros: -I experienced a solid game without crashes, generally no bugs if you play it normally, I had a total of 3 small mishaps though: 1) when respawning a little bit inside a platform same as happened to Jim but it would let me get out easily. 2) Once, a vertical moving platform crushed me between it and the floor but it only pushed me below the floor making me fall eternally, but thankfully there is a button in the pause menu to respawn at the entrance of the stage so there was no frustration, immediate recovery. 3) Once, I tried to skip one dialog by pressing the mouse button very quickly and led to make the dialog texts finish first before the voice and when the voice finished talking I couldn't move nor use the button to open the dialog again, it was either because I did it fast or maybe because I placed myself between 2 npcs and got stuck there in between. -Almost no loading times. -Fully voiced. -It saves at any time by request and also automatically by checkpoint, the automatic save is so very helpful in case a problem occurs like if you close the game without saving by yourself. You can load from either saves. -It has a story that expands from the past game and doesn't make senseless or boring decisions, I mean it keeps focused on its lore, even if the lore itself is kinda weird but it takes it serious, like not trashing an idea mid game or just experimenting mid game, the story was clearly planned from beginning to end. -Does provide clear instructions within dialogs instead of obnoxious or flashy distracting messages, that way it does keep the ambient of the world and doesn't feel artificial. -Stages with reasonable size, nothing too small, nothing so big and no labyrinths so you have a pleasant time traveling around them. (Except the space stage, read in the cons) -Better songs than the last game. Of course it's my particular taste but I also see the effort and new effects put in these songs than what we heard in the last one, also it feels more varied in tones/genre/rhythm too. -Nice difficulty balance, also as usual if you pay attention to the quests you get better weapons and thus the game doesn't become way harder as you advance, and it doesn't make it so very easy either. -You get to control how hard or easy you want to play the game, by equipping better or worse weapons. -The game might look like made by a child but it does show the effort, the planning and the charm put in there. -Some replayability value! When you play it for the first time you see little segments in the stage you can't go to at first but you will be able to access them later. -Varied character personalities, voices and attacks! -A mini game inside the game! This one will entertain you, either to get the weapons it gives for good performance or for the sake of getting the  3 achievements for that particular mini game. -Candice looks better than the last game, the water effects too. The game did get an upgrade in the design part, the use of flat 2D characters mixed with 3D characters was a good idea, didn't look bad for me, that allowed to make them look more detailed too.  Neutral: -No puzzles there, it could be either something you like in your RPG or not, personally I like it as it is but I guess it should have had at least 3 mini puzzles to solve.  Cons: -Very few dialogs in action scenes were skipped because using the attack button is the same to advance the dialog and sadly those can't be brought back as when you talk to npcs. -You have to read and/or hear the dialog in order to know what to do next and remember it, the game doesn't keep a log or tells you in the menu what to do next. I see several people reviewing the game skip the dialogs and then don't know what to do next, its their fault of course, but the little message of what to do next was in the previous game and not here for some reason. -Doesn't have a map, other stages are small enough to not need it though, but I did have problems when traveling through the space part of the game, it's so large and couldn't know where I was in order to know where to move next. Still it's not unbeatable, but it did require a lot of patience just for that part. -No boss music, it really needed at least one boss music even if it was shared with all the bosses. -No epic final boss song either! Nor ending song! But at least it wasn't just silent! -No sound FXs when grabbing the stars and other items. -Less songs than the last game, or at least that's what it seems to me, I might be wrong. -No upgrade of your attack power by gaining levels, only by getting new weapons, or at least that's how it seemed to me. -Not able to turn around the camera in the 3D view fields, sadly all exits from inside buildings are behind the character and can't be seen, it should have at least a marker. -The towns' buildings not being in 3D was a step back in my opinion, the 2D side stages are of course perfect for 2D content, but making the buildings flat 2D didn't look as good, they could have left the 2D image for the front of a 3D building though.  I don't remember right now if I'm missing something to put in pros/cons, but in conclusion, the game was worth it, not only the money I paid but the experience and my time put in it. Specially the songs, I thing they are the soul of the game and they get to keep being within you even when you finish the game. 
Everything is an upgrade from the first game. I guess the soundtrack is about the same, the first game had iconic music and this one is no different. The biggest change is the combat, its on a 2D plane now and it feels much better. It's overall just a better game and I love playing as multiple characters. It's such a weird franchise, oddly charming too. I hope we see more games in the future.  If you played the first one, you need this. We all need more Candice DeBébé in our lives tbh xxx...
rap rap rap and im back for revenge everybody knows candice is back
The game is fun, I like the dialogos, and although the graphics are not the best, the price is not very high either. https://youtu.be/sGWJmCMDqTY
The best time song makes me sad.  Soundtrack is pretty good. Some good tracks. Cheap price. :.-]
"Fun" little shooter more like "hard" little shooter hah  and please slow down the enemy bullets
It's a good game and I like the story but there were a few mistakes in the English translation (I could still read it though).
Simple little game that keeps your attention for a few hours, Brings me back to the old flash games from kongregate etc. Don't expect some crazy gameplay. It's just something to take your mind away from life.
Great idea behind the game! Its fun and challenging.  Also the developer is good at fixing bugs as they are being mentioned.  Worth the money! :) 
Fun game about defending your base, and it has its own twist on it aswell. Really enjoyed it alot, would recommend if your tired of your usual "Tower'ish" defend games. Devs are also good at making improvements and listening to feedback.
Great game!
Great fun! They are still adding many features so i feel like this is like a new game. Thumbs up!
an amazing game only some minor probs including the fackt that the game dosnt pause when you go on menu mid game but all and all im verry happy with this game good job devs :D (RIP DED SHEEPS)
It's a fun little defense game, I'd say it's worth $4. The developer has fixed many initial issues, including soldiers not hitting things right in front of them (especially dogs), adding an "easy mode" to the campaign, and hotkeys. Managing the soldiers and building up a nice firebase over time with limited resources is challenging and fun, and the missions have a bit of variety to them.   Some stuff, like a pause function, hasn't been added yet, but the dev says he's working on these things and he's delivered thus far. I'd recommend it if you're a fan of tower defense or playing defense in RTS games.
Great game, needs to add a sandbox mode, also campaing a bit to challenging
[h1] Building and Defending (all i like in a TD Game) [/h1]  [b] Gameplay [/b]: You start by building your base (obviously) with Fortifications/Sand bags/Barbed wire then you can choose your soldiers Medic/Grunts/Gunners/Bullet carrier/Blasters, position your soldiers where you want and start the killing. Very simple but very addictive.  [b] Graphics [/b]: I like it, it's well done when you kill enemies they explodes in particles of blood.  [b] Ultra wide support [/b]: YES. https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1624135973   [b] Controls [/b]: I play with Mouse only but there is keyboard shortcuts too.  [b] Recommended price [/b]: 4.99€ (I paid 2,96€ day 1)  [b] Devs. activity [/b]: Yes they are on forum and they listen to feedback. (Really good devs.)  [h1] Conclusion [/h1]  There is many many TD games on Steam (and i own many of them) but i don't have any like this 1, having the freedom to build your own base it's always nice. The devs. continue to improve by listening to feedback (that's the good way to support a game). I recommend this game to any TD fan.
Reminds me of the tower defense games I used to play in class instead of listening to the teacher. All for the cost of 3 condoms, and with much less dissapointment.
Fun game created by a single developer! It's chaotic and challenging and the battlefield becomes a mess quick! If you're in for a challenge this is a great $5 game.
Fun little game, can be quite challenging at times too.  It's a little rough around the edges (mostly quality of life things), but the gameplay works fine. With 6 increasingly difficult missions (Each lasting roughly 30 minutes assuming you beat them on your first try) you'll have 3 hours of entertainment ontop of endless mode which is worth the price tag for me.  If you're the kind of person who likes playing defensively in RTS games then this is definitely for you.
Great little game and if you watch the trailer you know what to expect. Blood gore from battles is great. Menu music is dominating. Sound of goats alone makes the game that much better. Take it from someone who has actually played the game for longer than it takes to get a refund...Recommended.
This game was actually not bad.  -Simple but abit challenging -You need react quick which area have high possibilities fall. -Campaign was less but its fun overall -Cheap price -Soldier act like turret and would die if you cant handle it with care -This game was kinda same a game call Infested Planet.  Overall 8/10 Because its kinda a small camapaign and just an survival mode there.So i doubt this game would get very quick boring.I would say if you really like defence game with challenging then buy it.Since its kinda cheap so its a good thing to consider.
It's is a fun time killer
You really get what you see with this game. If you like the trailer and the concept then you'll probably have a good time. For 5 bucks it's a pretty solid little time-killer.
Amazing game with engaging mechanics and fun game play! Definitely worth a try for everyone, will keep you entertained for hours on end!
Love these Chocolate games, but this one was especially cute with the dancing ghost, the music was fun to listen to. I highly recommend the game, there are some tricky Level, but they are all passable, so no worries.
It was good, but it was short. The game has new features and new sound effects which makes the game fresh. The Halloween theme and Halloween sound effects are funny, I could play with the halloween pumpkin sound effect in the menu for minutes. :D Big thumbs up for the game! I can only recommend it!
󠀡
first thing i notice a problem with is how short and rushed the teaching vids are, how tf do you learn a complex building system from vids that are 18-22ish sec long. the game looks promising, i see something where we can prototype battlebots and maybe fight them or make robots that react to the enviroment the meet a goal. i know its very early access and those are end game ideas so i welcome the devs to comment so this can be something great
It's hard to play but it's fun, but I don't know what developers want to say.
The game works fine on my computer, 1920 x 1200, but on the wifes laptop, 1600 x 900, which is easily capable,as soon as the title page starts to vanish to go to the game screen, it crashes back to steam main page.  I've tried several tricks to get around this problem, to no avail.  Is anyone else suffering this drawback. The wife really likes the game, but she can only play on MY computer. Could be a bigger problem.
I like the game, but it was a surprise that a Joker was discarded in Rummy by an AI opponent. The opponent's difficulty was set to Normal, and that is not normal at all. I just hope they fix it in the future. But the game is cheap and has many card games on it. I haven't tried the harder difficulties yet. Don't avoid the game just because of that. While normal difficulty should not be doing that, most probably the harder difficulties will never do it.  Also, it would be good if multiplayer were added in the future.
Badass DLC worthy to my collection XD  Side Note: Makes sense that Captain Marvel comes out the same day as DMCV cause Carol Danvers  and Dante both defeated Omega Ultron in Marvel VS Capcom
In the not-too-distant future -- Next Sunday A.D. -- There was a guy named Joel, Not too different from you or me. He worked at Gizmonic Institute, Just another face in a red jumpsuit. He did a good job cleaning up the place, But his bosses didn't like him So they shot him into space.  We'll send him cheesy movies, The worst we can find (la-la-la). He'll have to sit and watch them all, And we'll monitor his mind (la-la-la). Now keep in mind Joel can't control Where the movies begin or end (la-la-la) Because he used those special parts To make his robot friends.  Robot Roll Call: Cambot! Gypsy!  Tom Servo!  Croooow!   If you're wondering how he eats and breathes and other science facts (la la la), Then repeat to yourself, "It's just a show, I should really just relax For Mystery Science Theater 3000!"  
As a new comer to this franchise, i honestly didnt know what to expect. Yes it will be enjoyable to watch these after first completion, but i prefer the animation on my first play through. As a bundle i wont say this was in any way bad...but rather very unique!
Live action cutscenes are optional DLC that show you how pre-visualization work during story development. Each custscene will be unlocked you watched in-game cutscene. It's best to watch after you experience all in-game cutscenes of first playthrough.  It's unique DLC that you'll enjoy on their creativity to mix up and change in production until they get right footage as most DMC cutscenes focus on motion, style, and transition. Plus, performance of actors are simply good and so entertained. I recommend for people who interest in behind the scene stuffs or learn about cinematography. I really hope to see more of this type of DLCs in the future.
When I first heard about this, I believed they had recorded cutscenes with the motion capture actors and that they attempted to make them look almost indistinguishable from the animated cutscenes. Instead, they're low budget videos the developers themselves recorded in order to assist in planning and animating cutscenes.  I was initially disappointed to learn what this would really be, but it didn't take long to realize that what we got was the greatest thing I never knew I wanted.  You'd think the charm of the low budget production would wear out its welcome, but the variety of how they conveyed all the more fantasy elements help keep the cutscenes entertaining. The developer's own skills during certain sequences are also a joy to watch, the man who played Dante was partially impressive.  Unfortunately, but understandably, the cutscenes are all in Japanese only. There's no subtitles, either. They definitely can't replace the regular cutscenes if you actually want to know what is happening with the story. If you can't understand Japanese, the scenes that are primarily just the characters talking to each other will be pretty boring. Thankfully, scenes where it's literally just them talking to each other aren't common.  Overall, I strongly recommend watching these cutscenes on a second playthrough as they're incredibly entertaining. The developers should be proud of these.
this is the greatest dlc of all time
Pure art and makes me rolling on the floor so hard time and time again
Must have for fans.
Best DLC ever.
You don't have to look at or listen to Nico in a large majority of the cutscenes. That alone is worth the purchase.
I'm sorry, Wat?  [b]But for real:[/b] Really creative and worth watching BTW, If you're up for a good laugh or 2
Good quality bonus and goodies.
Hands down the best way to make a DLC,giving us more insight into the development of the in-game cutscenes and how they came up with the ideas.The way they made the live-action cutscenes is fucking hilarious,I laughed every time I see Griffon.
Best Live Action I try out !
The one true way to play the game
If anything,this is the best dlc you could buy for a game!Hilarious and well orchestrated...It's just so damn good!
this is by far the funniest thing I have seen 10/10. was not what I was expecting, these are very ruff and interlaced with some very quickly developed props makes for excelent watching after a first playthrough or on a second playthrough of the game as the cutscenes as these are in japanese  and i seen no translation.
An unexpected surprise but a welcome one
バイオハザード4
may have been a bad game but had a banging OST
Devil May Cry 2 is...  The [spoiler][b]BEST[/b] Devil May Cry[/spoiler] ever, Hands down.  Soundtrack is just as good. So i'd say it's worth it for those who are interested to hearing DMC2 soundtrack.
Lucia was badass  Bring her back <3
The flinch in your eye calls your bluff  Feel free to die when you've had enough Useless cause is breaking your back  Your life will end when you attack  Make your move  Make your stand  Make the win (ha..)  Like you can See the war See me roar  See the mirror  Youll see a fool  To take me out you must fight like a man  You've yet to prove that you can (youve yet to prove me that you can)  I see your might and it compares to something  That is if something is nothing  Time to figure  Time to sin  Your times done  When you begin  Live for suffer  Live for revenge  Now your life Comes to an end  Taste the blood  Taste your fate  Swallow your pride  With your hate  Your last breathe  Your last stance  The last of all In your command  Knees in the (blood) with your crying pleas  Wade in your sorrow, bathe in your fear  Clear the mind from righteousness suffered  Witness the moment of (your) failures prosper
Worth it but I wish Battle Theme 2 was included.
[b]THE EYE CAN SEEEEEEEEEEEE[/b]
Great, but it's a shame they only gave us 3 soundtracks instead of all.
listening to devils never cry while playing as dante is like the best thing ever!  i tell you hwat
Only 3 tracks from 3rd dmc. No my favourite cerberus battle's song. However,I still prefer to replace default soundtrack by this or 4th ost.
Solid 13/10  Prob my second favorite next to 4
The time has come and so have I I'll laugh last, 'cause you came to die. The damage done, the pain subsides And I can see the fear clear when I look in your eye.
DMC 4 SOUNDTRACK huh? NO WAY Must have it coz is awesome Be Hold Glory of the PAST  時間は誰も待たんから　戦う。
[b]THE TIME HAS COME AND SO HAVE I[/b]
4 is still my favorite but this game might be better over time  時が来たので、私も
A more evasive Gerbera. The damage, directional Jocky abilities, and charged abilities are identical to the base version. The GP01's neutral ability replaces the "push" of the base version with a vertical Jocky. This propels you into the air from the ground, or straight down if used in the air (up/down Trick from Vergil's DMC4 moveset). Presumably this makes it less useful for counters, while more useful for outright evasion.
Pretty much the only DLC breaker worth having.
川森正二。非常に多くの良いアニメやゲームの伝説的なクリエイター。これはDMCVのディレクターへの究極のラブレターです。
This (jokey) Devil Breaker is a combination of Punch Line and Overture, with an odd added feature. Its normal ability fires the breaker off to home in and lock down a single enemy (dealing 110 damage vs. PL's 144 in tests), but its mid-flight detonation is smaller and it cannot be surfed on like PL. When using its normal ability, Pasta Breaker cycles your other Devil Breakers, letting you hotswap their order without giving any up. The charged ability plants the arm into an enemy like Overture's remote bomb (dealing 313 damage vs. Overture's 547). The difference here is that Pasta Mix suspends the enemy in the air for a few seconds before detonating.
Its great for forking up monsters!
Jokes aside, it fires a missile made of fork like objects that works similar to charged bullet. 
ソースはどこですか
A sort of easy-mode joke weapon that provides weak healing in place of previous games' Vital Stars. Its normal ability must be used in combat (anytime the Speed skill would be inactive), and provides a weak heal over time (1 pip every ~30 seconds). As with other Devil Breakers, being hit while this is active will destroy it. Its charged ability restores 3 pips of health and destroys the breaker.  [spoiler]And yes, it's a vibrator. The skill list refers to "jerking off" the breaker and "blowing the entire load".  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)[/spoiler]
Worth buying the Deluxe Edition for this in my opinion, if you're an average player like me. Really helpful for Dante Must Die difficulty.  Swap to a set of these, if you are low on health, at a goddess statue or phone booth. Break Age them until your health is full. Then swap back to your regular combat devil breakers.  If you don't plan on playing DMD difficulty though you probably won't find this that useful.
This is how Sweet Surrender work for those who think is useless and do nothing.  First you need to activate it, and you will see it glowing green and vibrating, you will need to land hit on enemies to gain your health just a little bit. Be careful when activated the Devil Breaker, any damage you receive will instantly destroy this Devil Breaker while is activated. Charging up Sweet Surrender and releasing it will gain you full health but this will destroy the Breaker as well.
I can think of a better use for this ;)
On Dante Must Die game gives you no green orbs before boss fight, but you can use 8 of these to heal yourself and then replace it with real devil breakers.
For her pleasure.
Only healing item in the game. While a bit tricky to use, it can make a difference in tough spot.
It isn't useless in game it vibrates and slowly heals you apparently just so you know!
Useless in game but I like it
Happy International Woman's Day   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mVqiYOLZAI
''Sweet surrender'' for Kyrie made from soft materia, I see where this is going
Really helps Kyrie relieve back tension, accurate description
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
A very fun crossover weapon, functionally a second gun for Nero. Auto-charges shots every couple of seconds, dealing 90 damage on a charge shot. This is compared to 112 damage from a Color Up 3 shot, and has far less stun. Together, they greatly improve Nero's ranged abilities. The special ability fires an EX-charge shot which deals a massive 600 damage nearly instantly (compared to Gerbera's Petal Ray which deals ~1000 over several seconds). The jump and side-roll animations have been changed to classic Megaman's jump and slide animations, respectively.
Excellent reference. Total nostalgia trip.
[b]LOOK GUYS, I'M MEGAMAN![/b]  [b]PEW PEW PEW[/b]
Pretty cool it has the sound effects and looks like the mega man.
it even has the same sound effects as megaman 11!  100 goty
Top 10 Anime Crossovers  ニコとセックスするのは気にしない XD
a
where are they
This game never stops...It is totally ballistic and I love it
I'm gonna be short on this. I love this game so far! While the game is short, especially for just a single episode, it's still worth it. I will be trying more of the game as it releases.
So after playing Grimm & Tonic I have to say I am pleasantly surprised. I don't usually make it through this genre of game but I did find it rather pleasing. The narrative opens very strongly with a readily relatable concept. As a player I could definitely connect with the motivation of the character. The game play is very direct and I did not find it to difficult to follow nor did I have to result constant rereads to gather the concepts presented as a whole. However there are some things I'd like to see upon full release.   - More detailed Grimoire  It would be nice to get some descriptions of each drink type. This may help to better decide on what beverage would best fit each patron. If you have no knowledge of alcoholic beverages, you could find yourself clicking around at random and coming up short with some of the less chatty customers.   - Greyed out options  When I have chosen a dialogue path that progresses the conversation I feel the older ones should be removed or at least locked to reaffirm the correct choice has been made. This may seem a bit hand holdy at first but I think it will save on some of the redundancy of doubling back through a dialogue option that doesn't add to the narrative.   -Better cues   I would love a view audio cues or clearer visual cues to show how a patron is responding to certain actions. If they are getting tipsy, if the decision I made was correct or incorrect, and if there is any pressure to make better choices. As it stands it seems that the outcomes might be too fixed and I just have to click around till I get to the right one. I'd like my inability to gauge the social cues actual give me a game over or some real penalties.   - Voice acting   You don't need to have a fully voiced out game but if you are going to use voices it would be nice to select short voice lines that match the character I am seeing. Some of the voices were totally off the mark, especially with the gentleman at the end.   Other than these I feel like the game is definitely going in the right direction and I hope as it progress it continues to surprise me.
Here's a game where you play a bartender.  Simple black and white interface with a classy kind of feel. Quirky music and characters  Thebest bit of the game for me isnt your bartending really. Its the patrons . A lot of people head into bars and meeting new folks in there is pretty interesting.  The episodic nature of the game means there's more to look forward to. So even more interesting is getting to see how the patrons grow over time, and how interacting with them on a regular basis will change things.   I think it'll be a unique experience
I've never played a game like this. Or maybe just not in a very long time. It has an interesting theme and I love the music. Could use some tidying up with the text in such a dialogue intensive game though. I also felt pretty lost in the beginning as someone who isn't well versed in the different types of drinks but when I got going it wasn't hard to stay for the entire ride. Looking forward to how things progress in the coming chapters.
I've used this Product for about 14 hours so far. It has a Great U.i. Very easy to figure out. The Speed at which simulations perform is now even better on my PC. With the newly added tools  Remesh it makes it easier to clean up Garments being sent into Zbrush so less work on Character artists.   With the Sculpting tools Combined with solidify you can add Wrinkles to your garments and adjust them easier and faster. This is by far the best Update out of the softwares existence!
Very nice cloth simulation program which still has a few issues with imported high polygon meshes. So fa I haven't encountedred any crashes. I've yet to explore all of its features  (especially the new ones) but I'd say so far so good!  
A few years ago, i was playing this game on my phone. I think it is an addictive puzzle game.
I have been playing on my phone for years. Always loved it really like having a leader board  and a time trial now. Swear the guy at #1 in time trials is a robot though. I swear my times are the fastest you can get.
Played this on my phone constantly and I love it, so I may as well get it on steam, very fun and addictive game and once you know the strategy it's even better!
Super polished ~ fast paced action game ~ very good !
It's a good game
first of my playtime is wrong because i played in offline mode. i finished the game  this game is not just pure reaction and timing gameplay but also ca. 50% puzzle so the hardest part of a level is often to find the right path. the game has a total of [spoiler] 100 [/spoiler] levels with a "boss" level every [spoiler] 25 levels [/spoiler] . the boss levels are 0% puzzle and the only goal is to survive long enough. the artstyle and music really fit the gameplay which creates a great atmosphere while playing. i normally have problems with raging during hard games but i wasent frustrated a single time during my playthrough even while i was stuck on one level for ca. 30 min. 
Very fun game, the only two things I wish for were that levels didn't instagib you so quickly so you could grasp your bearings and that we get more content.
This game made my hand hurt after only a half hour of play...and I couldn't be more satisfied with the purchase. Frenetic speed, responsive controls, and solid thumping tracks are all present in this wonderful little reflex/memory 'one more try' game.  At no point has the game felt unfair, and the delay between deaths and restart is nonexistent. A+
Ridiculously underplayed game. Great music, concept, art, and gameplay. Overall a really good game for a really good price, I'm sad no-one else is talking about it.
Hey, you know about good video games? I think I found another one.   Rivals Super Hexagon, as they both have that seizure inducing arcade feel and does what RFLEX was trying to do, but better.
You loved super hexagon? This will scratch the same kind of itch.  Well done, and now I also need it on my phone.
I've been waiting for JUMPGRID to come out for a couple months only, after seeing a gif on Twitter that instantly hooked me. The gameplay, the visuals, and later the music, all struck me.  I said to myself : wow, this is going to be a masterpiece. It just clicked, and I immediately showed it to everyone in my social cluster.  Playing it now, I can confirm that JUMPGRID doesn't disappoint these high standards I had set for it, and even goes further than that. The gameplay and level design are just amazing. For some levels, I was just dying over and over just because I was in awe, just sitting there in front of such a carefully and meticulously crafted game.  The replayability is somewhere between "let's retry all the quadrants now that I know them a bit" and "I'll play this until my eyes bleed just to beat everyone in the leaderboards". The game is kinda short, when you think about it, but could be increased in the future if Ian MacLarty decides to add levels. One thing that could be added to improve gametime is a level editor. I really think people would do wonderful things with such a tool.  All in all, JUMPGRID meets every criteria : - it's fun from the first level all the way to the end boss - it's refreshing while itching the same scratch as previous titles like Bit Trip Runner or Super Hexagon - it's balanced in difficulty, it's never too easy nor too hard - it has great visuals (be careful if you're sensitive to flashes) - it has a very good and fitting soundtrack - it's cheap, so please consider buying it to support the developer  JUMPGRID will probably end up on my 2019 GOTY list.
It's fine for $5. Harder for me than Super Hexagon. One thing--if your reflexes have been conditioned by years of DDR, Rock Band, etc., you may want to turn the music off because you're going to need to move off the beat to finish the levels: a sense of rhythm is almost a liability here.
Elegant, stylish, absorbing, right, tense, up, challenging, down, left, right, buy!
Great game. Level design is simple but top-notch. The comparisons with Super Hexagon are fair but I think this one is much easier and intuitive to play (also, the visuals are less headache-indulcing). Very good presentation too.  The only downside is the music. Mostly for the blandness of it, but also because some levels are very rhythmic because of the patterns of the enemy, but the song is not in sync with these rhythms. A minor gripe. Loved It.
It's been such a long time since cubes make me feel this way again. Last time it was Velocibox. Basically JumpGrid is making you thinking as fast a computer.   1 0 / 1 0   B R A I N   E N H A N C E R
Incredibly stylish, incredibly frustrating, incredibly satisfying.
I played for 5 minutes and I almost stopped, not because it's bad, but because I was out of breath and sweating like crazy. But I couldn't stop, played through the whole thing in one sitting.  You like 140? You like Just Shapes and Beats? Boy do I have a game for you.  Can't wait for the speedruns people are inevitably gonna make.  If I wasn't clear enough already: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Super Hexagon itch = scratched! Need to play a lot more, but it already looks like a masterpiece of arcade gameplay. Fast, fund, challenging and very pleasing visually!
I give this DLC a definite maybe rather than a certain recommended.  Having Sigurd in your squad is quite useful in certain scenarios and his ability to summon his own turret and mines is a definite bonus. Arguably the most useful thing about him and this DLC is the Volkite weapon he can wield. For example, turning enemy targets into area of effect time bombs makes the base game's Challenge mode quite easy (for the first few waves at least).  Pros  Sigurd is a reasonably strong and quite versatile squad member with a variety of talents He can deploy his own turret His Volkite weapon is great versus massed enemies Carpeting an area with his mines (talent into them) helps kill enemies quickly or at least slow them down Lorewise it's nice to have an Iron Priest to play with  Cons  His power may trivialise earlier parts of the game's story mode (so crank up the difficulty setting) His turret isn't as strong as the ones Valgard can deploy if you have the turret DLC You cannot deploy more than one turret at a time even if Valgard has some (and this is probably a good thing); much like the Wolf you can only have one active at a time so summoning another causes the previous one to self destruct  Neutral  The Las cutter cards are probably better for the PVP mode than the story campaign and challenge modes The Volkite cards which Valgard can use are okay, although he generally has access to more directly devastating weaponry I couldn't get on with Sigurd's alternative melee weaponry loadout, though your mileage may vary  In summary  The real value here is in having Sigurd as a squad member. Situationally his weaponry is devastating. If you like playing the challenge mode (and I do) he is highly recommended. The cards that can be obtained from this DLC might be useful but may require a more strategic-timing playstyle than unleashing ALL THE DAKKA. So this DLC is worth picking up as a bundle deal or on offer. Not essential, but nice to have.
Love this game. Keep up the good work.
This is a review of the BONUS content, not the game.   I grabbed the Collector's Edition on sale for just over 20 bucks. My biggest motivation was getting the first two expansion packs for what will just over 10 bucks each. I'm sure each will retail for 19.99 or 29.99 USD each. Good little savings considering I'm an X fan who will want the expansions the day they come out!   As a bonus, you also get a sound track (41 mp3 files), a novel based in the X Universe (Nopileos) in Adobe format, and a 100 page concept art book with drawings ranging the entire series (I quite enjoyed).   All in all I'm pretty happy with my purchase. Obviously, the biggest value to this content is access to the first two expansion packs (and supporting the DEVs at Egosoft). So, if you love X4 pick this up (especially on sale) for sweet savings and immediate access to the DLCs as they release.
Just jumping into the pilot seat in X4 and loving it. Keep the fixes going and look forward to future content.
10
I've now played for 21 hours. And it is Awesome. I really do have to think and plan and fight. The NPCs that are not going to be friendly to you must calculate (But not being able to see your zones without beginning there) makes for some FUN Comp time. :) The game runs fast and smooth. I love the Vulcan Engine (Fast and Beautiful) The Learning Curve is one That is Steep. (YouTube And Forums Helps) in Game Tutorials are so so. But do you really want someone to hold your hand While your trying to carve out a empire in a X-Universe :) I Really Do Like This Game as is and with Egosoft patches and expansion. And Modding !!!! I'm Very Happy I Got The Collector's Edition. I have bearly scratched the surface. Many, Many More Hours Please. ;)
Deffinitly a major improvment on first launch than X Rebirth! Still a few glitches ive been seeing here and there which is to be exspected in the first week after launch but overall a very satisfying first day! Been playing for over 14 hours now on my Ryzen 7 2700X on my GTX 1080Ti at 4K with max gfx settings getting 80+ FPS and its breath taking. Im still feeling out the new UI and controlsbut compared to X Rebirth I give it a 10+
10
Actually it's not too bad, first impressions wise... Getting used to the controls etc, better than X:Rebirth and easier than X3 etc.   Still figuring stuff out but runs relatively smoothly on a Vega 56.   Quite like the map, can filter goods across multiple sectors on discovered stations, pretty cool.
Easy to learn, hard to master, with great potential for competitive play and community involvement. Very smooth gameplay. The developers are very active on their Discord server and update the game regularly - support them by purchasing the Early Access and go to Discord to play the newest (and already much better) version!
I talked to the devs and played a fair amount theres nothing else like it on the market and its super unique.
I just love the game, Awesome devs, Awesome cummunity.  don't forget it's an early acces. there is a lot to come!( Multiplayer, level editor, etc... )  and you can impact/help the devlopement. join the discord if you want to give feedback/wishes to devs, they will listent to you even if you need help/advice etc... join the community! '' There is a button in the main menu that brings you directly to our community HUB. '' or use this link > https://discord.gg/b7eSNnQ   not much to say about the gameplay etc, other review do it well! be sure to check them!  I recommend this game.  if you like the game and you want to make it grow, leave a positive review, invite your friends, talk about the game aroud you. 
First of all this isn't "the worst game in a while", it's a neet idea. So Why dislike it then? Simply because of this:  Pro: + Looks nice + If you got a little into it, it's funnish (but not more) + Levels are kinda Nicly designed (but again not more)  Contra: - UPDATE: Will be fixed in Next patch! Original: Lacks of Basic Controller Stuff (A / B can't be double keyed for Accept / Jump | Decline / Slide, and even if unbind them end in keeping them as Accept / Decline Button (which Result in the impossibility of switch "B" to anything)  - Clunky Holding system, either you have to hold the button or not. If the game Choose to do it for me sometimes it's just bad. Please remove this Button for sake of the Game.  - UPDATE: Looks like it was a pretty rare BUG! ORIGINAL: Hidden Levels, after starting the game using the first menu point to get to the Game i had just an "empty" screen with a background picture. And i first found then Challanges, which are kinda Levels, but mostly only for a period of time. In the Dev Menu (which should not be visible for Players in my Opinion) i finaly found some Levels.  - Clunky Controls, even if i saw way worse controls like this, i have to point out that this game is a 100% about movement so a "Not" bad Control of your movement is just not good enough. Inspecialy, you can run on walls ... but you can't go arround Corners ... but you can Jump arround them and even get some High. This is not how it should work, also sometimes you try to Run right, hold right but your character still move left.  UPDATE: Remove this complain about duration of the Game and Value of it (Appears i had a bug which looked some levels for me, which was the biggest Part of the Game, so the Original point lost every foundation)  Last word, i will keep an Eye on this game (i will refund it) and give it later on another Try! Hopefully it will get fixed a lot of it's current Problem.  UPDATE: Changed to a very positiv experience after talking to the team. We could fixed some of my issues, and also some bugs. Mainly Groundbreaking bugs for my first Experience tbh. Keep this work up guys!
Ricky dragged me in and didn't want to let go. We have first met almost by an accident, but I knew from the begining that I will have to watch Ricky carefully.  It is highly addictive and the time just flyes by while playing. Once you'll get in, you will not want to stop, and that is exactly what I like and imho, this is essential for any platformer game or ideally any game. During few last years I have developed this (bad) habit, and I preffer playing basically anything with a controler. After few attempts I found out that Ricky will be different, so I have to switch back to the classics (mouse and keyboard). This might be a con at first, but controls are intuitive and the game experience is just way better, no doubt there!   Ricky is already a great platformer and does what each platformer should do flawlessly. Movement, physics, level design, everything is smooth already and the creators have covered the essentials of the game very well! It is also almost unusual how they approach the audience, how much time they spend with the community and I feel they listen carefully what people suggest! And this is the biggest weapon of Ricky.  Great Job! Can't wait to see more! 
I don't usually buy Early Access games.  But after playing few maps on a recent gaming event and seeing already solid gameplay, focus on making your own path and also all the love developers are putting into the game and the community on Discord.  [b]Just bought the game right at the event, for full price, and I don't regret it.[/b]  If you're the type of gamer, who aren't okay with just beating the map, but want/need to beat the level as best as he can - getting the Ultimate medal and possibly into top 100 players - there's already enough content in the game and the promise of having even more levels with each update and then finally the finished game is something I didn't wanted to miss this time.  You can also get a taste of the game with free challenge levels - check their Discord for more info.
First off: I'm a speedrunner, and I like ILs more than the average speedrunner, so the review may or may not help you if you're in for a casual platformer experience, as I don't have that perspective.   I like it; the gameplay is already good, and the game controls better than 95% of speedy games, at least in my opinion. The levels are very open - lots of paths to take, about 5-20 seconds long each, optimally (so far). Restarts are quick.  Currently, the game has online leaderboards for every level, where your high score is automatically submitted.  The developers say that they're planning on adding a level editor, ghost replays of best times, and Trackmania-style multiplayer (as far as I can tell). They're very open to feedback, and seem invested in improving the game based on community feedback.  There are of course some negatives: - the jump timing feels a few frames off (not that big of a deal though) - in its current state (2nd of December 2018), it is possible to start levels with slight advantages by walking around the map (exploration mechanic), then, say, move some things around, then start the level for a slight advantage. I'm urging the developers to fix this, and they've already removed "pre-boosting". - I couldn't get my DS4 controller to work natively, though to be honest I didn't spend long trying to; the game feels very nice on keyboard and mouse already.  To summarize: Good controls, nice developers that take community feedback from Discord, fun for IL running, feature ideas are good. Slight exploits that should be removed as soon as possible.  If this sounds cool despite the negatives, give it a shot!
Great! Excelent! Fantastic! Amazing! Marvelous! Wonderful! Awesome! Exceptional! Magnificent! Astonishing! Overwhelming! Favorable! Breathtaking! Spectacular! Delicate! Extraordinary! Charming! Fascinating! Incredible! Glorious! Astounding! Fabulous! Enjoyable! Brilliant! Gorgeous! Superb! Delightful! Remarkable! Beautiful! Entertaining!  and fun.
I found this game about two weeks ago and I very enjoyed a concept.  What is in this state? Very good freerun game! For this small and nice price you will get smooth controls and physics, interesting maps and online leaderboards function.  I wish developers will improve the game to the best third person runner game.   What the game needs (to be better):  1. Steam workshop support 2. Custom levels editor.  Cheers!
tl;dr, buy this for the music.  You get 167 songs, two videos, two artbooks, and a few song lyrics in text files (I think).  First, you get 167 LAME3.100 MP3 VBR V2 (that means basically transparent quality) songs from in-game music; a lot of the songs were from various AQUA STYLE doujin albums, and just three of those songs I've listened to over 1,200 times in the past six months. I'll vouch for them being very, very good. And honestly, $18 is kinda cheap relatively speaking for this many tracks. My favorites are MIRACLE★STRANGER, Full Force Night Parade of One Hundred Demons!, and Terra Crisis, along with pretty much the entire BULLET REPORTER portion of the OST, Tomboyish Girl!!!!, Knowledge of the Six, Breath from the Core of the Nuclear Furnace, Angel Blasts, and Bunnyland is closing for the day.  Second, you get two .pdf artbooks with cut-in art (not all of them though), promotional images, and portraits/HUD images. Both are a buncha 2100ish x 1500ish .jpg images. The art's fine.  The two videos are audio dramas with subtitles burned into the video part (it's just a still image otherwise). I haven't watched them to be honest.  ...The problem is that the entire thing is 2.7 GB compressed. It really should be less than 1GB or so, but everything is duplicated three times for other languages. Oh well.
Generally good stuff, but the drama in English is broken - videos with subtitles are without sound, and the sound is in separate file.
No pixillized photographs, so it gets a thumbs up by default. Easy pack but that's fine, I enjoy the easy ones more than the ones full of photos.  Also, Coloring Pixels said Gay Rights.
Finish the entire pack in under 4 hours, very easy and the flags being very beautiful and colorful. Had the playtime of $0.99 as expected, fun while it lasted.
Lots of simple ones in this set, but also a couple of larger more time consuming ones. Nothing complex though!  The last three will eat your time the most though. Recommended? It's cheap and can be done in a couple evenings if you stretch it out! Sure! :)
YEY, you know what time it is.
[h1] challenge + variety = good time [/h1] Halloween pack contains 20 pictures that are pretty fun to complete. They don't feel repetitive since there is a wide variety of colors and patterns. As a bonus, the pictures look pretty nice. Compared to RPG and Farm packs, Halloween pack really is something special. This pack is a fine mix of challenge and joy.
Hmm yeah this is probably the overall best DLC pack I've played so far? Various sizes of pictures for both the quick completes and large, time-consuming images but aside from a handful of digitized photos again being present (though none as bad as the worst farm images) and another repeated pattern image (again not as tedious as the one in the farm pack though) most of the pics are pretty enjoyable to complete. Dunno which pack I'll get next after this though, we'll see.
Perfect combination between simple and complex images and the big ones are spot on with the Halloween theme. Loved it!
Best dollar ever spent.
Hehe! Got it, time to make more videos on this ^_^ Keep up the dlcs I love this game!
Simple and easy to understand game play.  The story is not all that deep, but sill good. Without any achievements, this game doesn't really inspire for a second time around.
Good game. The gameplay is simplistic, but that's usually what you want for a nice little h-game; and the cg's are great.
6/10
Quick and easy, gets to the good stuff
Recommended ONLY ON SALE.   Expected the girls to be fully or at least mostly voiced  at this price, the 300 meg download and lack of voice acting in the prologue i played through suggest that this is not the case.   I'd say only pick this up at a 50% or 70% sale unless you can justify this price for a very basic RPG maker game with mostly text and CGs.   Looks like it has some decent lewds in both CGs and the battle molestation and the waifus are cute but I'd say its way overpriced as it falls short when compared to the content of other H games in this price range.
great game, very good cgs
Nice Game
this a good game but it is very short , good scenes , cute ninjas. i feel this game should be cheaper forI I completed it  in less then 4 hours so i would wait for a sale or they lower it.
Has the ability to resize the goddamn window. Deserves money for this alone. Sex content is also solid, if a little unimpactful.
tsubaki is very cute
Good game . If you like hentai rpgm games you dont be dissapointed .
You tease a skin at the end of the comic i was looking forward to unlocking. Can you please put that maned wolf skin in? You dreamed it up and my nerdy self picks the weirder skins for animals that don't seem real but totally are, like the goat skin with the saber teeth. I was kinda heartbroken when all I got was grey wolf, black wolf, blonde wolf, and white wolf.
Dont know how to access but seems really cool. Plus the wolf is great :>
Very cute little comic, love the expressive art
How The Heck Do Play Or Read It? (Also,I was kind of unimpressed with the wolf's deisign.But I still recommend this game to any animal lovers.)
cant find out how to open
I still don't knowing how to open  it help please
Once again, Lisa Richards delighted us with another adorable comic based off Meadow's daily experience.  The story's premise is simple, but it starts with something the average Meadow player is well familiar with: finding the right animal for the right obelisk, so you can crack it open and collect the shards within. That's when the twist happens: what in the world is this weird symbol on this broken obelisk and how can we open this one?  The designs are cute and adorable, the characters' personalities apparent in their expressions and in the way they act. Honestly, is there a pheasant in Meadow who isn't just as intense as Symbols' is? And doesn't the white fox inspire a sense of aloofness right off the bat?  The comic concludes with the big reveal of what the animal for Meadow's second anniversary is, as a pack of wolves appears to open the mysterious obelisk. In-game, the wolf comes with a twist too: it's not your average wolf at the peak of its years, feeding an apex predator's power fantasy. He's a goofy, old wolf, who's seen all there is to see in life and happens to be surprisingly agile despite his age. By far, he's the most characterized animal we've seen in Meadow yet, at the point he's got an unique personality of his own with no need of projecting yours.  I'd recommend this comic not only for what it actually unlocks in the base game, but also for how well-drawn and plain adorable it actually is. It's a nice, wholesome read, and I'd love to own an hardcover copy of both Symbols and Blossom someday. And all the future comics, of course!  You're on a roll, Lisa - and we're begging you not to stop :D
The wolf's pretty cool One thing that doesn't really fit though is that i think they jump way too high and the run is like way too slow  Maybe try to balance it out a bit somehow?
Ayy, wolves are a thing now, the comic looks nice as well.  maybe add a howl thing that can be heard in Shelter 2? i think that'd be a cool thing to have as well.
Thank you M&D! Thank you for this awesome comic and new animal.  If you are a fan of Meadow (or the Shelter franchise as a whole), I can't think of a reason to not buy this comic!
best boi
awesome dlc :D
I am TERRIBLE at interior decorating. I am BAD at Garden creating. And I am having a wonderful time flipping houses and making gardens! This DLC has added SO much content to the game it was almost overwhelming. I haven't been around from the beginning of House Flipper's life, but I'm betting this DLC added more stuff than was originally available in the entire game. Several extra houses, some more background music, hundreds of plants and plant variants, a whole bunch of new furniture and architecture, and hours of gameplay have been added, well worth the price of the DLC... heck, for me, it'd be worthwhile even if the cost were doubled! And I must reiterate, I have NO IDEA how to make a GOOD garden!  After playing in gardens for a dozen hours or so, I haven't encountered any bugs big enough to remember, but not everyone has that experience for some reason. If I may offer one piece of advice, though... don't get caught up in the "profitability" of your gardens.... because the gardens add a percentage value to the house, it's easy to lose money on a fancy garden on a cheap house. I don't mind it, because it's SO easy to make money in the game's E-mail missions (which are re-playable). Just remember, we're here for relaxing gameplay and a creative outlet primarily, making in-game money is just a nice bonus.  If you enjoy making a beautiful flower garden, a fun backyard barbecue, a well-stocked orchard, a bizarre maze with no escape, or you just want to hit a windmill with a sledgehammer, you will enjoy this DLC!
Nice little DLC to play around with, bit pricey I will admit, but enough content for the price in my opinion. Highly advise checking out if you can
Start problem my lawn grow through everything from tiles to any thing need be fixed.
EDIT... FIX THESE BUGS..! I can't finish any jobs now AS the game is SOO BROKEN!!! PLEASE FIX or i will be making sure i get my money back..!   It is a lovely game and the DLC welcomes many things for you to do with your garden... I believe that the game is still a working progress and that the developers could put a little more work into fixing the bugs...  As you may see many reviews will say do not buy the DLC until the whole thing is complete and i would agree as I'm doing a job and unfortunately I have Turfed all that needs it and its telling me I'm still at 0% which is a pain really because that then stops you from completing that job 100%!  Also mowing the lawn Isn't brilliant as you're made to use a Strimmer (( Weed wacker )) to MOW the whole lawn which is not right plus there's the last upgrade for mowing that is not in the game yet which i believe they should have had sorted before releasing the DLC.!!  If you think on buying this DLC just know that not everything is perfect but to me is still worth it in many ways...  Honestly I've been waiting for this to come out and I'm a little "disappointed" that they released it before being fully developed which I would have rather had waited for the fully developed DLC then something that has major working progress..!!  For people saying that the DLC is overpriced i disagree I believe the price is perfectly fine as long as they fix the bugs and have it fully developed I myself do not mind the price its only £10.25 ( Yes UK ) BUT i do believe they could have simply added in to in-game in stead of making us pay more..!  But hey if you enjoy House Flipper then you will enjoy Garden Flipper yes it has it's flaws but what game doesn't.!!
Despite minor problems, I have still enjoyed many hours of playing this unpolished, diamond-in-the-rough DLC.  Minor Problem #1. There's no lawn mower. A glaring omission. All these weeks looking at my overgrown lawn meant I was looking forward to mowing it. This DLC did not deliver the one thing I wanted most. To mow the lawn.  Minor Problem #2. The gameplay control mechanics and animations have a "janky" unfinished feel. Surfaces, in particular, are tricky and glitchy. It is really hard to align things or put stuff exactly where you want.  I have every confidence that eventually this DLC will be really fun once it gets an update.   The quantity and quality of art is wonderful, and players who love the base game can work around the unpolished controls and will still be able to make awesome yards, decks, playgrounds, and gardens.  Keep up the great work, dev team!
This update adds loads to the game at the cost of nothing that negatively impacts the game itself. I would like to see more materials available from the in-game store for outdoor decoration at some point, but there is no doubt that Garden Flipper is a much welcomed addition to the base game. Highly recommend for those that enjoy House Flipper.  FINAL SCORE: 8/10 IN A NUTSHELL: Adds plenty to keep you flipping.
Very good, i like it. I hope this game can continue to grow
Gave me hay fever.
Great DLC to expand House Flipper so you can make over the outside of the property as well as the inside. Lots of new garden items to fix up the outside including cutting the grass.
I've been looking forward to this DLC since I started playing House Flipper.  Now that I have it, i'm happy, but not as happy as I expected to be.  First of all, its a bit pricey for what you're given.  Second, it's glitchy.  I was working on some of the new available orders that involve gardens, and i'm on the second or third one and can't go further.  One of the tasks is to mow the lawn, but the percentage of how much has been done stays at 0%, even if you've mowed everything.  I can't even get the progress bar to go far enough to at least finish the order as partially done.  So while I like the concept, i would wait until the bugs get addressed.
If you liked the base game you will like this DLC, if you thought the base game was mearly OK and where hoping this would push it over the edge, then don't expect to much.  It is very much more of the same but with yard stuff added. I know I enjoyed the base game enough to where I decided to start a brand new save since you can do the yard work on all the houses that you sell and it isn't just locked to the missions so I wanted to do that (yes I know you can re buy and re sell houses once you buy them all, but I wanted to see how it felt if you where to get the base plus the DLC at the same time.  Does it add enough to be worth the price tag? Eh, it's pushing it, $5 definitly $10 maybe, $15 you are pushing that envelope real hard. I don't feel bad for getting it but it is definitly a stretch if you are not restarting from scratch to get your moneys worth.
Garden Flipper is alright. It is not quite what I expected, it underwhelmed me. The game is still very fun; it will keep you entertained, there are still many orders to tackle and many ways to decorate gardens, but it feels incomplete right now. The developers should really add more content to make it a truly good DLC. 
I like this add  only thing is that it has so many bugs. cant do finish jobs it says to mow lawn and i mow all of it but the percent counter doesn't go up. beside that its a good game when will this be fixed.  Michael Por
I am enjoying Garden Flipper. Ive read other reviews saying they cannot complete task 100% well I have done them all 100% completed, there is no problem. they've also said they wish they could move trees, well if you were really working in your yard you cant just "move" a tree. I work around them as you normally would. I think the company has done a great job with what they have done. I cannt wait to see what else they will add to it in the future.
I'm really enjoying this DLC. I love how many new items are added (and i can finally get rid of those gross weeds in my yard) However, a couple cons are that the grass makes my framerate drop pretty badly (cleared up mowing the lawn, and this could just be my own computer) and that there's no lawn mower yet. Plus not to mention one of the skill perks says "coming soon".  The devs have been really responsive + constantly fixing bugs, so I have no doubt these will be fixed soon! I love making my yard look nice :)
I read reviews first, so was a bit nervous. But, I have had House Flipper since the team started, so I felt secure they would do any tweeking necessary. I'm glad I trusted my instincts.  I have had no problems what so ever after playing all weekend. (Running on a Christmas new stock Dell Inspiron Gaming Computer - middle of the road I assume.)  I feel it is offered at a fair price. I personally didn't mind the weed whacker. Since we have metal blades nowadays, it makes the most sense. Once you get your rhythm you flow just fine. I do feel base game users should get the weed whacker at least to show respect for the community - a good will gesture.
I am so excited to see this!! I Love House Flipper, and the developers are so nice and community responsive. It sort of feels like we helped with the game development! (even though we just gave feedback lol ). It's gone so far, and now the garden part? Amazing! Superb! even more detail and creativity allowed on these houses. < 3 Getting House Flipper was one of the best game purchase decision's I've ever made. These types of games are my jam! I really do wish that the floor placements had size options like turf does. Some of the missions are very time consuming and tedious to place a bajillion tiny sand squares.
I think it's fantastic. I am a huge fan of the base game. This just expands on it in a perfect way and is incredibly detailed fun and entertaining.
Lawn mower simulator. Still fun though.
New mechanics and props are nice but the price is too high for the amount of content added in the DLC.  Also, mind the bugs.
perfect for those moment when you want to play something soothing and relaxing but still fun ton to play
I really like what this DLC adds to the game but I'm having some mixed feelings about it. For the price you pay this DLC seems really unpolished right now. There is still a "coming soon" part in the skill point area, a clock that refuses to attach to any walls, and the way you "spread" gravel is super clunky. I thought for sure this DLC would add many more houses you can buy and remodel but it only adds like 3 or 4. Also it would have been nice to see some new buyers added, I feel like I've sold 6 houses to the same person.
I thoroughly enjoy house flipper and the same goes for this garden DLC. It is so much fun! While it is true that it is not perfect (where is the lawn mower!), and there may be some few bugs, my experience was that these issues did not interfere much with my enjoyment. I cannot wait for the developers to keep expanding on this idea and come up with new stuff/ orders and houses :)
Wow.  This DLC is awesome!!  It's exactly what I have been waiting for!!  Now I get to cut down all the grass, get rid of the weeds and I can landscape to how I want to.  I highly recommend this DLC.  As of this writing, I did one garden job so far.  I placed down different types of gravel and I planted 4 plants.  I encountered ZERO glitches.  I did not encounter any sort of bugs, no lagging either.  Yes, when you start out mowing the lawn, it's going to be a small area.  When you upgrade the mower, the mowing area of effect does get a little wider.  I think it's fantastic and if you are like me, and you want the properties you sell to look nice on the outside, then definitely get this DLC!  For me it is well worth the price.
If you like House Flipper, this DLC is a must have. If you're like me, you've been upset about renovating these nice houses and then having the garden empty. The developers have done a nice job with the variety of items and tools we can use. That being said, there are a few nasty bugs that need ironing out: 1. If you place something that requires assembly (like a playground) in front of a wall or fence, the assembly window moves behind the wall and you can no longer finish the assembly. 2. Placing stone aggregate surfaces is extremely annoying. The tool is in the shape of a circle and there is no option for smooth lines so you end up with a mess. (imagine pouring sand out of a large barrel, there's no way to line that up properly) 3. Lining up turf rolls results in a gap in the grass. This forces you to overlap. Also, good luck rolling turf around trees. 4. Even with the Gardener's sense maxed out, the minimap will not show weeds.
I'm definitely loving the Garden Flipper expansion! All the new options are wonderful and it's great to be able to expand your creativity outside of the house!
Ok, honestIy; I Iike it. But there are some fixes to be made though there are fourteen and not seventeen new orders. on steam and game-sites it said seventeen... ok mistake then...BUT  PIacing graveI is a nightmare; sharp  edges and no way to reaIy aIign with a path tree, hedge. grass growing over tiIes untiI you Iift them up and pIace them back down. And a perk thats comming soon... ok im not going to say a word about the speIIing but a missing perk is kind of a big deaI. Does it Iook nice? yes it does. WiII  they fix what needs to be fixed? yes I honestIy beIieve so,they  did a great job updating the main gameas weII. Do i Iike it? I Iove it. BUT if you want it poIished before pIaying then wait a IittIe whiIe untiI patches come out. One thing though I'd Iike to see isthe possibiIity to "break down " the garden into more managebIe parceIs (Iike in the orders) so we can have a seperate parts in our gardens.
It's meh. Not worth the price tag at this time but it's fun none the less.
Like the DLC. I found four problems: 1- fences don't connect to the sides of the garden. 2- The surfaces don't go all the way from the gate to the door. 3- Cutting grass is soooooooooo slow. 4- Scattering is soooooooooo slow.
Could definitely do with a bit of polishing up, but not that bad considering the game is a work in progress. Yes the price is steep for something that really should have been in the base game but the game isn't exactly expensive even when paired with this DLC...   They do need to finish off some bits, such as the fact that outside fences that are completely in the way and come with the houses, you can't actually demolish, and the fact some of the weeds you can't see properly so when taking jobs you're stuck on very close to full completion.   For me, at this stage it's a positive review, I like the direction this game is going and the steady stream of updates that we're receiving.
Very well done, we players asked for more yard work and they gave it to us.  Very nice job & add on. If you play house flipper i recommend this add on.
We waited a long time for the release and now it's here! I have played the DLC for a while now and it has already proven to be worth the wait and the price tag. However a few features should be added such as the ability to plant and remove larger trees, the ability to replant the tall grass you cut down with the mower, the ability to switch to a square shape when placing gravel; but the DLC has been released two days ago so I'm guessing it'll be here soon.  EDIT: The ability to remove larger trees has been added.
I am just blown away by this DLC. When I flipped open the tablet, and looked at the things in the Garden store section, my mouth literally dropped open. To all the people that complained that this DLC wouldn't have enough content, there is a HUGE amount of AMAZING things you can buy to put in your garden! Like this:  Beautiful and luxurious chairs, hammocks, and gazebos! Fences, gates, and archways! Umbrellas for the shade! Gorgeous plants and trees of all sizes and kinds, even trees that grow fruit, like pears, plums, cherries, etc. (it's funny, I'm not into planting, but I'm having so much fun with it in this game :D) Things for kids, like little houses with slides and windows, swings, a see-saw, sandpits, a football goal, even a kid's pool with balls in it! Pet accessories, like dog houses, dog bowls, even cages for guinea pigs and rabbits, bird baths, a chicken coop, etc.  Pools of different shapes!  Cooking things, like barbeques, a pizza oven, grills, and firepits! Beautiful pavings, in a stack of different patterns, for the ground! An OUTSIDE CINEMA! :O  And, of course, exciting new tools, like the brush cutter, to mow the lawn, the water hose, the shovel, etc. One thing I really love about this game is that, if you've missed patches of grass in the yard when you're mowing, and are not sure if you've covered everything, you can see what you've missed on the mini-map - the tiny patches of grass you've missed, that are just about invisible to the naked eye, appear very clearly as little patches of dark green on the mini map! VERY handy! :D And the new soundtrack is absolutely beautiful, really nice to listen to when you're working in the garden ^_^   The devs have done an absolute fantastic job with this DLC, and it really shocked me to see people giving it bad reviews, especially on the first day of playing it, without even giving it a chance. Yes, to name a few bad things, there's a glitch where you can't mow the grass lining the fence at the back of your yard; figuring out how to plant, use grass turf rolls and pavings for the ground is tricky. But this is not enough to make this DLC not worth playing, or especially giving it a bad review! This DLC is still so much fun to play, and if you love the original base House Flipper game, it'd be a real shame if you missed out on this one, because it's just like the base game - decorating and furnishing, but this time, in the garden! :) This is an early access game, not everything will be perfect, but the devs have said they will be working on fixing these things, so give them a chance before giving this DLC a bad review. Try not to focus on the bad things, focus on the good things the devs have done in this DLC, because the good things far outweigh the bad, and absolutely make this DLC worth playing. There was a point where you couldn't remove trees, but you can now cut them down with a axe, and then remove the stump with your hands, like when you pull out weeds, thanks so much for that, devs! :)   It would be really great, devs, if these things could be fixed, but, apart from that, I'm loving this DLC, you've done such a great job! I am very perplexed, though, as to why the price rose to $19.35, after it said, in the DLC's announcement, before release, that the price would be $15.00 when it came out. But I'm not complaining, I still recommend this DLC, it's amazing! The original base game of House Flipper was already currently my favourite steam game, but I'm loving it even more with this Garden DLC! :)
This DLC definitely had a rocky start but it seems like quite a few of the bugs that made gameplay difficult have been ironed out. It's still not perfect but it is a fun addition to the House Flipper game.
played mega hours of House Flipper but now just want to decorate the outside - lol.  Have found a few issues, i.e. having to turn down graphics as computer runs hot once you put too many items in play.   Another annoying feature is gravel put around outside garden bed shows up in stairwell to basement.  Also, why a weed eater to mow the lawns????  a mower would have been more apt and faster???   Would recommend as can see myself with hours of inventive, creative fun ahead of me.
First off all I have to say I kinda felt forced to buy this expansion, because the gardens in the base version of this game look messy and horrendous, and there's no way to modify them without the DLC.  Although I liked the DLC and the content in general, I must say it feels a little rushed (i.e. not thoroughly polished). Here's a list of the little details I could find.  [olist]     [*] Putting gravel makes my game lag pretty badly. I get consistent 60 fps but as soon as I look at a portion of the ground covered with gravel it drops to between 20 and 30. This, I suppose, might be caused by the sparkling effect gravel has.     [*] The brush cutter is way too quiet, and the garden hose sound effect ridiculously loud. Compare them both and it literally makes no sense at all.     [*] The brush cutter feels odd. You can barely see it when using. Also, in most missions you have to trim large areas, and it would make way more sense to use a mower.     [*] Sincerely, water looks awful. I can't be very specific about this, it needs a lot of work in every sense.     [*] You can literally parkour the plants. I mean, its fun and all to jump from plant to plant and climb the roof of the house, but its way too unrealistic (I personally like this, but some people might feel different).     [*]The fact that you can spread a turf roll infinitely is weird. They should have a finite max extension (run out, just like paint), and when being cut, you should be able to grab what's left and move it around to complete another patch, without having to buy a new one. [/olist]  With all this the game might sound unplayable, but so far I've enjoyed a lot this DLC, and I know devs will try to fix issues like the ones listed above in the near future.
Funzies
For something that was just released, this does well. There are absolutely still bugs. There are absolutely some things I feel will be updated soon. But for something so new, this is a good DLC.  Forewarning: as of May 17, '19, my game does freeze every time I try to exit to desktop.  If you enjoy building a house and your land on Sims, this is for you and this DLC nearly doubles the game, in my opinion.
So I will start with a joke: House flipper the painting simulator and now introducing garden flipper the grass cutting simulator Now the legitimate review: the update we all required but came as over hyped. The choices for the outside are great, The bad is grass cutting. It looks me 10 mins to gather completely the turf with all upgrades. The grass rolls should work like the floor tiling and wood paneling. The issues with the grass rolls at a point cause the background to disappear. I don't know if it's my graphics card but its an Nvidia 1080 ti. I hate how there are small areas I can't touch. The complaint I have still is there is no option for concrete flooring for garages and driveways. The game is overall a good source of meditation in my opinion. The overall opinion will be an 8/10 cause the little issues. The grass rolls are needed to be like floor tiling. The price is too expensive even with the 10% off. It should be only around $6 or half of the full game price. I just hope the other objects in the garden DLC will be better. The last question is where the hell is the lawn mower. The thumbs up is more like maybe
I downloaded GARDEN FLIPPER but I can't access it from inside HOUSE FLIPPER. What is the sloution to my problem
AMAZING GAME WORKS PERFECT!!!! ALL DETAILS AND MECHANICS ADDED PRECISELY!!! ALOT OF EFFORT ADDED!!!!
Mega cool game but can you guys make so we can cute tree and remove the stump
change the strimmer  to own lawn mowers takes for ever to cut the grass. only dawn side of the dlc
While I am enjoying what Garden Flipper has to offer so far, like others, I to feel that this should have been part of the main game.  Don't get me wrong, it is nice and fulfilling to finally do the gardens, but I feel this DLC should have been part of the main game and part of me feels that maybe this was deliberately held back so people who liked the game would flock to the DLC.  While you get said new mechanics and a good deal of extra items for decoration of said gardens along with new customer orders, you only get 3 new houses to purchase for yourself in addition to the ones to the main game.  For the price of the DLC, I would have expected much more in the ways of property to buy, as this is one less then the free Apocalypse DLC.  At this moment in time, yes you can still have fun creating good gardens, but you have to get around bugs and such and some slightly annoying mechanics, such as the digging requiring you click once per animation is over ( you can cut the animation slightly but still annoying).  This would be better as a hold mouse button until is finished as opposed to separate clicks.  But while it sounds like a negative review, I do recommend it, but ONLY just.  I would advise waiting for DLC to drop in price or get a bundle deal.
This delights me.  I'm an avid gardener.  I'm really happy to clean up the awful lawns on many of my houses, but there's ore than that.  There are inventive touches like all the machinery for an outdoor gym, different colors of garden tiles and gravel,  children's toys like a climbing structure and a spring-loaded horse (ouch!), pergolas and arches, and of course the usual flowers, fruit, and trees.   This DLC makes me really happy.   You can frame your sale house so that it is as beautiful outside as in.  There are still some glitches: in particular, the grass-cutting tool is nearly impossible to aim accurately.  I assume this will be fixed in a patch, because the Empyrean folks are really good at ongoing maintenance.
Mow lawn stuck at 0%. I read a review saying to reopen Steam to fix this bug, but I can't even tell if it fixed anything because the game keeps crashing. Other than that it's fine.
its ok but a bit overpriced
Loving the game can lose hours on it easy... love the new add on so we can now do the gardens have been waiting so long for it..
Hi, Cool payable content.  But!  Trees do not moving or erasing. We have very large gardens but we can't do self pools, Why? There are types of ready-made pools but not enough. I think you don't need to do a lot of great research for the pool, because look at the internet.. Simple. A number of bugs are present, but probably others have written these errors. I think, I'm not playing farming simulation. Too much plant resources.  Need update. Despite everything, thank you for this Garden Flipper "Payable" content.
A must have for every House Flipper owner
A good addition to the main game. Takes time getting used to some new mechanics, and the translation to Dutch is somewhat off ("weed" is literally translated to "wiet". And "wiet" is the drug you smoke)  But the results are beautiful. I say worth the cash if you really like the main game!
great DLC it just released so there is still a few bugs but over all glad that my yard doesnt have to look bad anymore while my house looks amazing
While I've just started playing with Garden Flipper, I can't say that I'm unhappy with it, though I've found some of the same odd mechanics that boggle the mind and impact your enjoyment.  There are aspects of the main game and this DLC that seem to assume that the player has nothing but time to accomplish simple tasks, like mowing the lawn.  (This took so long I had to turn daylight on all the time because I was cutting the grass from morning til night.)   Tedious, not fun.  This is a common complaint so I suspect (hope) an update will take a different approach.     I was delighted by the amount of new content, there are lots of plants and landscaping to choose from in addition to a good amount of outdoor furniture.   One thing I really didn't appreciate was the time I had to spend figuring out why the garden hose wasn't available.  Was it not ready for the launch?   It was not apparent that it's a skill you acquire when completing your first contract job!   I didn't know until I asked about it on FB.    It seems to me that the developers got very ambitious with this DLC and neglected to think a few things through about their audience.  (It still irritates me that they give me content that's supposed to be placed on a surface and I end up struggling with it to the point where I give up.  It shouldn't be that difficult, yet the problem persists .  While it's got the bones of a really great and fun game, I won't tell you that you won't get frustrated at times. I'd like to see them take some time to address problems now that Garden Flipper is launched.    Despite those issues, the game is still worth playing and provides hours of entertainment and a creative outlet for your inner interior designer/landscaper.  Garden Flipper adds another dimension to the game that expands what you can do with  House Flipper, though it has been argued it should have been part of the base game to begin with.  I was wiling to pay for the expansion, and overall I think it's worth it, warts and all.
Has anyone had any problems getting this game to install?  I purchased it last night, paid for it, watched it download and supposedly install. BUT, there's no sign of it.  Steam is telling me it's already in my library, but there's no sign of it. I've done a complete search of all 5 of my 7 hard drives and again no Garden Flipper. I've checked my Steam folder and talked to Empyrean.  The only thing we can come up with is to ask for a refund and buy it again, hoping it'll work.  So has anyone had anything similar, even with another game?  If so how did you sort it out. I've been looking forward to this DLC, I've already put 230 hours into House Flipper, this DLC should give the game a great lift.
First off  I enjoy this dlc, I think it is worth the price. It needs a lot of work though, there are many bugs and a option to customize window locations would be great for trying to make clean interior walls. I wish we had more mansions like the home alone house, that would be nice if you could disable the winter mode for that level so you could make a garden on that awesome house. I cant wait to see what you do in the future. I would love to hear back about what you think of my ideas!
it won't work I payed for it and it don't work for me love house flipper wish the garden worked
COME ON!!!! FIRST START UP WAS FINE NOW I GET NO SOUND??!!!
The base game has been great and this DLC really completes the whole thing. There are however quite a few things that need work:  1. Who on earth mows anything more than 80-100m2 with a brush cutter, this really needs a push or ride on mower (i can see a coming soon option in skill, but unsure what that is) 2. Pavings slabs can't be placed under fence posts (would love to remove those fences around the house 3. That brush cutter is the most silent cutter in the world, would love an option to adjust the volume of the thing 4. Would love to see new additions like awnings, patio decorations etc  I can see that this is a WIP so more features will definitely come. This is however an excellent start.
Super fun! There's so much content added and it's a lot of fun to explore all the new things. I love gardening in real life so this is right up my alley
First off lets talk about the price... yes it is expensive for a DLC considering the original games price. Saying that there is a lot added to the game, but if you do not like gardening and find mowing a flaming huge lawn with a weed wacker monotonous then this DLC is NOT for you (seriously get a real lawn mower in game ASAP).  Onto the positives Lots of items from garden furniture to plants, tress, ponds, BBQ and even kids items like swings, sandpits etc You can lay turf (a little buggy and clips weirdly sometimes), gravel and paving.  On the negatives (mostly joking) I can't swim in  the pool! I turn into Jesus and walk on water! Laying of turf doesn't match up to where you start the roll and end up with little bits missing. VERY annoying, so you have to guesstimate where it may start to roll and anticipate the bug. PLEASE get a lawn mower in game, my word the weed wacker takes forever to mow a lawn. Add garden maintenance to the DLC, seriously thats one of the major parts of this job. Trimming bushes, sowing seeds, lawn treatment etc simple things to add I might say too! Rake up leaves you know where Im going.  At the moment its a nice DLC and if you love House Flipper you will like this too, just be aware a lot of the garden is placing down items. Could do better.
Not bad. Love that I can FINALLY do something about the garden of my office and really make the property my own now. I don't like that you can't remove the trees that are on the lot already though. They get in the way of placing turf and generally just don't look very nice. It would be nice to be able to chop them down.
IT HAS A MEME ON IT! IM NOT GONNA SPOIL, BUT IT HAS A MEME ON IT!!!  Among other funny references, im sure some feminists will complain about a text in particular, hehe boi.  The devs are really quick to fix bugs, not like other major companies out there...   9/10
Fun and worth the price! You can weed, plant, decorate, add pools, furniture and more! Though I hope they add a better way to mow the lawn, other than that I love it so far!
So good! Opens up more task emails and properties, and the game is still really fun :D
I am enjoying the game so far. But please sort out the paving slabs not being able to go under fencing pillars that are in gardens of houses. It looks horrible that I cannot have finished patios in front of my doors with fencing that I cannot move or delete, Also when a house wall has a pillar, I cannot put paving slabs there too. Please sort this out for the next update. :)
Just started playing the new DLC.  I can't say much about the contents at the moment, other than what the **** are those moles, escapees from the shlock horror movie, Tremors?!  I nearly had a heart attack. If that's what moles are like in other countries, bloody hell, I'm staying in the UK where the only deadly thing we have is the Black Adder and our own sharp wit.  Other than the unexpected lawn terrors, looks good so far. Wish they included common plant names as well as the scientific, and some details about the plants. The weirdo who has us tear up his mum's flower bed for useful plants is going to suffer some disappointment when all those grape vines die.   Lots of nice colour, wood and fabric options for the outdoor furniture, which is great for variety.  Still.   Moles.  And there's still no option for having non-hairy man arms.
When building & decorating homes isn't enough, this expansion DLC will give you the new edge you needed. Finally able to create & decorate your new garden. It's nothing new, yet it's totally new. If you love the main game, you'll love this extra expansion as well!
Overall a great expansion would be nice if they added a lawn mower instead of just a strimmer. If you have issues getting it to install just untick the box in the dlc list and re-tick it.
I've only done about half of the work orders so far, but I'm having a great time with this DLC! Can't wait to finally add some gardens to my houses and get rid of the high grass everywhere.
Just got garden flipper... Trying to work on the first house dentists garden. I'm not sure what to do? The tasks aren't showing.
For everyone saying their DLC won't download/install - uncheck and recheck the checkmark next to the DLC in your library. Works just fine!
For those saying that it won't install. Go to your downloads page and queue it up. Installed just fine.
It didn't want to install right away, but when I went to House Flipper in my game library and from there to manage downloads, where there was an update pending. I forced it to the top of the queue and it installed just fine. Finally I can mow my damn lawn, this is an excellent addition to the base game!
I understand its launch day, but the second misson with the turf rolling and lawn mowing doesnt work  Just a bug to fix im sure
Gartenarbeit bei der mir die Augen nicht jucken und ich die Bewohner des Friedhofes nicht mit Niesen wecke!  Die Gestaltungsmöglichkeiten und Objekte sind zahlreich, die Spielelemente teilweise gut umgesetzt. Ich würde mir nur einen größeren Rasenmäher wünschen. Vielleicht sogar einen freischaltbaren Mähroboter die derzeit wohl angesagt sind.
First of all i must say House flipper Is one of the games you can get stuck into for hours and Hours and Time Just Flies by  The base Game is Just exceptional and Now adding gardening into the game. I Can give My Renos the best Makeover. Some might say the Garden DLC Is too Expensive and i say it is worth every dollar for something you are going to get many hours from and for that price is amazing. This DLC Adds Hundreds of new items More houses New orders and new features enough to make any House Unique.  Can't wait to see Everything else they come up with if it is anything Like Garden Flipper it will be amazing.  I Rate it 11/10 Well worth Buying  Yes There was issues in downloading at the start But that was a steam issue Nothing the developers could do about it. being new it can be expected
Good addition to main game.
Not really a review as such but a comment on maybe a bug? Either that or I must have an electric mower like the cars as it makes no sound! I would of thought you would have sound on a mower?
LOVE IT!!! :)
The whipper snipper I wish my neighbor owned.
Bought but won't install
Amazing addon, i hope there is even more stuff to come! :D
yes pretty good
nice game
Now I can have a super awesome garden in a video game while my real garden is completely overgrown! yay!
counted down to the release of this. not disappointed.
uh its a good game but there are so many glitches and no way to change controls and after you beat the first stage the game crashes
Ребята, правте баги. Особенно самолет. Если наезжаешь на сохранку перед смертью - то всё. кнопка "рестарт" рестартует не уровень, а текущую сохранку. Так нельзя.
its only 10$. the devs are listening to the community and trying to bring back this rad game which is cool throw a few bucks their way to show you appreciate it.
Bought this pack to support developers, got more than I wanted! Pretty cool sledgehammer skin + 10 cull crates for better character customization. Also I got some skins when I opened those cull crates. This DLC is not a must-have thing, but it is a good way to get something cool and support devs.
A Badass Hammer for a Badass game.
how to relax with your bad day feels good
[h1]Video (gameplay + commentary):[/h1] https://youtu.be/C0DF878tf2U  [h1]Short Version:[/h1] This game is very janky and enemy AI is fully broken, but the sum of its parts are unintentionally hilarious and provide minutes of fun.  [h1]Longer Review:[/h1] This may be a "Game of the Year 2018 Best Worst Game" contender, solely because it is so absolutely surreal and hilarious. The game basically feels like an alpha of an alpha, and yet we couldn't turn away from it. Great for the under two dollars we spent on it.  At no point were we clear of the objectives or how we accomplished anything, outside of "follow the red dot on the mini map." Car handling is poor at best. Graphics feel like an N64 game ported to PC. The whole point of the game is to apprehend bad guys in cars trying to get away from you, but the AI nearly always drives itself into a wall or lamp post and stays there, so all you really have to do is cruise on over and slam into them as hard as you can and the mission ends. It's both baffling and amazing.  In theory, the game takes place in the San Francisco Bay Area, though the map itself is obviously not any real world city. There are modern skyscrapers along the cityscape BUT ALSO what look like moon bases? And possibly an Imperial compound from Star Wars?! There are also a very sparse spattering of other cars and pedestrians throughout the city, and we do mean sparse. For the most part, it'll be you and the city.  Honestly, with some more localized dialogue and fixed car AI, the game could have some lasting charm for what it is. As it stands, the game is just a little too broken, even if downright hysterical as a result.
I absolutely love this game. It feels easy at the start, but gets really challenging level by level. The sound effects and music also make the game feel amazing. The progression system in the game is well done, and doesn't really feel grindy at all. Each level feels like they have something new to offer, although I am only 2 hours in, and can't say that for sure on the other levels. The dev suggest that you play on controller, but I didn't find the keyboard experience that much harder, and actually I preferred using keyboard.  Is it worth the price? The games price might feel a bit too much for "arcady" kind of game, but this game has a lot more to offer than what's on the surface. Hell, I am 2 hours into the game, and already feel like it was worth my money. There is probably atleast 100 hours of content and challenges in the base game, and there is also the active workshop communtiy making new levels constantly.   TL;DR: Worth the price, more so if it hits the sales. 
Simple enough game that is often frustrating. Also fun. The sense of accomplishment does give that high. It takes practice and if you like puzzles the game might be for you. I bought the game to give it a try and see if I could get into a puzzle like game where you will die and keep at it.  The game is fun and interesting enough that I will get back to it again. The levels are short enough that you can get through them pretty quickly. I am more interested in simulations and other games. I do branch out to other genres to see if I like them.
Man, I am old. I have been looking for games that gave me the excitement and joy I had when I was a kid. This game is just like those games unforgiving and requires skill to master. You get happy when you clear a level and get mad when you fail. This game gives you hard time but in acceptable doses. You get better and level gets harder. I like it and I recommend this game to everyone who likes the genre.
It honestly doesn't change much to the game, but it's really nice to be able to play as those characters. I'm a huge fan of Jaguar Javier, so I'm glad I can play as him, again, after the first Guacamelee.  There's some dialogues differences depending on the character and where, which is a nice touch. Pretty sure the achievements related to this DLC cover all of those.
My favorite expansion so far. I'd say the power level is on the stronger side, just don't expect brokenness like Realm Unraveled and you will have a good time. Highly recommend.
Way too long to track down. I like the base game.  I bought the first expansion and the promo.  I was really excited to buy this expansion.  I can say it was worth the 5 buck (IMO). However... It wasn't worth the half an hour oddessy, through 3 websites, to track down a link to by it on steam.  I'm not sure what's going on here, but the company would probably get a bit more money from this expansion if it actually showed up as dlc on the Ascension main store page.
;)
•Katya's appearance and   personality was most appealing  but route was only ok •Celeste Route was surprisingly the best •Scarlet was so-so more   disappointing than the others. •Uncensored so that's a PLUS+  MC called Mr. Gary WTF how lame it sounds stupid AF!  Really ruined the mood in my opinion.  New announced routes for Rose and President Hart coming and free! Well excited for Rose she seemed like best girl reading the story.  So hopefully this will make it better.  I'd honestly only rate this a 6/10 though. Nothing great nothing overly bad.  Nice uncensored art cute lewd girls with a meh story  Recommended only on sale
I wouldn’t have expected the game to be this hardcore when I bought it a month after its release. Beside the game being naughty, the story is funny and overall it’s a humorous parody to the daily boring (office) life.  Story You work for a company that offers counseling and “physical amusement”. After a short intro that takes place in a situation you wouldn’t have assumed, your profession gets demanded at a large coorporation called Industricorp. Some chat and a rather long questioning circle with both the President of said coorperation and three specific employees later, you are going to assist one of the three female employees during one week in order to improve their skills and motivation in a certain way depending on the employee. Frankly, this whole questioning circle takes a bit too long and some questions are rather dull and out of place. However, once you have been chosen to one female employee, the drive picks up speed particularly fast. Taking the “scenes” aside, which aren’t too long but also described in sufficient detail, I often found myself burst out laughing to the humor of the story. Each of the three routes take about 5 hours to complete and every girl has seven “scenes” which cover a lot of common fetishes.  Artstyle It’s drawn by Kätzchen and I really like it a lot. The eyes of the girls have something special I haven’t seen before. The girls are drawn sexy, the colours shine out. The backgrounds are basically like in any other VN.  Music During reading, I have started to like listening to it. The mostly electronic music varies from elevator music, which I do not find boring in this case, to standard daily life music to funny one. Eventually, I bought the soundtrack myself.  Conclusion I like this VN in particular for its artstyle and the humor. I bought the game with a discount of 20 % but I wouldn’t mind buying it at full price, after all. In addition, there’s no seperate adult patch. It’s all included, already. I definitely recommend this VN.
Hard Work is a fun game full of personality. The story is pretty straight-forward, which I like, and each of the three routes has their own perspective and spin on the situation. It's a pleasant trip throughout with fun writing, music that slaps, and beautiful art
This game has okayish good artwork, various good lewd secenes in picture and word and a crazy story. You are basically a male "sex worker" who sees himself more like a sex councilour for hire, working out of an office with several collegues. One day you get hired by a big corp company to help their female employees with your "sex counceling" to uhm help them out. Its quite funny, the people in it have some character but not much, there is a decent amount and variety of adult scenes. If you are more into it for the lewd, you might like this game, if you are here for a more story rich experience, maybe not so much, but there are still some funny and absurd things that make reading through the text entertaining.
EDIT: The devs appear to be addressing the point I made about side characters, so kudos to them. I'll update the review once they've added this new content!  The aesthetics are on point - gorgeous artwork, characters, and interface, solid music, etc. The story is... fine. I feel that the plot across the three routes is fairly thin, poorly paced, and unambitious, even for what is ostensibly a smut game.   Celestes' route, in particular, seemed so untethered to reality that all stakes went out the window. Obviously there is a tongue-in-cheek quality to the proceedings, but for a game with such a carefully constructed world, the thematic stakes just don't pan out.  Katya's route was my personal favorite - she's an endearing and well drawn character with a humorous and satisfying arc. There are plenty of kinks on display in this game as well, and Katya's route seemed tailored to my own.   Scarlett had a decent but unimpressive route as well, and the impression I had after completing all three routes was that the colorful cast of characters and side characters was mostly underutilized by a threadbare narrative. Would love for more scenes (sexual or otherwise) to flesh out these characters and build the world in a more organic way (through variety and interaction) as opposed to the frequent exposition dumping.  All in all, a promising first outing. I criticize because I feel that this studio is capable of making a truly great game, they just need to tell the right story in the right way - the other pieces are already in place.
This is a sex game. The protagonist is Gary, aka “The Man” a sex counselor. Which apparently is a profession that is somewhere between psychologist and prostitute. As in, they work on your issues involving sex… and through sex.  Anyway, you are hired by Investicorp to counsel one of three women as a trial run for a possible partnership. Meaning success will allow you to partake in the perks of Investicorp membership, while providing counseling to Investicorp employees as an additional perk for their employees. Which of the three you end up counseling is determined by a question-and-answer session. None of the girls are that shy. In fact, when it comes to that type of act they are rather forward. Their underlying issues… take a bit more work.  While I would have liked to see how Gary would have handled a truly shy lady (even one with no experience at all), his actions do bring about results. Though I think the catgirl might have gone a bit far in her methods of cheering-up her “troops”…  Anyway, it is an interesting read. And if you are looking for uncensored faire… I guess well worth the price.
I can't save T_T
THis is Pretty Neat Game Where the MC Chara Revoles Around 3 Of his so need co Workers And Helping them out with there Jobs And what Not Half of the MC Job is Well work While the other Ahem is Little Lewd But Hey Im not Judeging. Basiclly He gets to know one Another and Builds there Realtionship Up until Something very exciting Happens. Its Your Average VN haha I couldnt really Make out the rest but ik where it was Headed It crashes on me When I select Katya Girl During her Senario Ah well I Would recc this to People But Only when They fix that Crash.
A well polished visual novel that provides a relatively linear storyline after a bit, but is extremely entertaining with its occasional comedic themed scenes and keeps you in the mood for more after being lured in by it's beautifully drawn characters and soothing soundtrack. Overall, Hard Work is one of the better VN's out there (uncensored btw) and I definitely reccommend it.
This is a finely designed piece of visual novel with an appropriate amount of plot, nice and relaxing soundtracks, wonderful characters and character developments, likeable art, and mechanics suitable for a game that you are supposed to be playing with one hand. I doubt if it's worth the $18 price tag, but I did not regret buying this game atm.
The MC is a sex worker. The setting is the future when genetic modifications can turn a woman into a cat girl. There is no romance or love ect. There is nudity and sex but over all the v.n. is a comedy. Many of the jokes are subtle and I found myself amused by the situations. It is theater of the absurd or a non-violent optimistic sex worker in the world of Blade Runner.
The story is straightforward, but even so it's interesting and entertaining. The strongest points of the novel are the beautiful and the big variety of art made by a great artist like Katzchen and the characters, every one of the girls are unique and with catchy personalities which also made it more entertaining to read. The game aims to please a lot of people with different varieties of fetishes so doubt anyone will be dissapointed! Music-wise I don't remember much of it but the few I remember it was nice too. All the art in it is uncensored too, don't need to purchase any separate patches or anything like that.  I do recommend buying this, has really good art, good characters, funny and enjoyable and it's short!
I had some reservations about this game, but it ended up being quite entertaining!  The music is great, it have quite a few scores so it doesn't get boring and the art is great.  I even liked the main character for once! "The Man" got a special place in to my heart from now on!
i got a refund after finding out the game is free on android?  I dont mind paying the 66 HKD but at least let me link up the accounts if i do.
The game has a good foundation and concept but one of the problem I see is obtaining scrolls for equipment, weapons, and potions. Also the other flaw is the stamina required to explore on the map. That doesnt make any sense. It honestly shouldnt have a limitation considering you wont be playing with other players. The caravan cart timer is a little asurd in a offline game. It has alot of potential and I see this game going far but overall game play and content needs to be improved.
Octopticom is a cautious recommendation from me. This is a game best suited for existing fans of the Zachtronics genre who are willing to overlook some flaws and a lack of polish to find some unique types of puzzles to solve. In a broad sense, you solve puzzles by directing a current of light through 1 to three inputs, manipulating it along the way with several tools to reach a desired output. This is, abstractly, how Zachlike games work, but Octopticom has several unique types of puzzles. I'd classify the levels, excluding the tutorials, into three areas: logic gates, color blending, and delays.  Of those types of puzzles, the delays and logic gates work great. The delays had solutions that made me feel clever, and the logic gates were rewarding and taught me about their real-life principles in computing. It was actually this aspect that convinced me to buy the game. The final 10 puzzles or so are some of the game's best, and it felt like a culmination of all I'd learned.  Unfortunately, there were some aggravating parts of the game. The color-based puzzles, perhaps a third of the game, didn't work for me at all. Their mechanics were very poorly conveyed to the player, and I struggled to understand them for a long time.   Worse, the game lacks a lot of quality of life features, especially the ability to increment your puzzle step by step. It makes testing very tedious. I had a couples bugs where all my progress on a level was deleted, but nothing took too long to rebuild.   If you'd asked me halfway through the game, I wouldn't have recommended it, but I'm glad I stuck with it. Players considering this game would be wise to consider its flaws. Inexperienced puzzle players, unless they have a background in computing and already understand logic gates, would be better of looking at any Zachtronics game first. Still, there's a good game here, and I look forward to the developer's next title.
Really good puzzle game, a few minor issues like crashes (I never lost progress) and stuff that isn't in the ui that really should be there (cant see puzzle name and stats in puzzle select screen, can't step through the simulation, not all puzzles let you see the required output)  Optimizing is fun and satisfying. It's based on the area of the rectangle your solution fits in, so sometimes optimizing means using a lot more parts. Some puzzles have optimization goals that are very easy to hit though. Some puzzles have a cost component to the optimization goal, but not many. It would be nice to have that on more puzzles to switch things up a little.  The basic mechanics of the game are very well designed, it gives you a set of simple tools and asks you to explore how they work, how they work together, and how they can be used to make complex things.  Most of my criticisms are nit picks that do not have a huge impact, so overall, it's a little rough around the edges, but a great little game and a satisfying challenge.  I haven't done the last row of puzzles yet, but judging from the first one there it's going to be tough.
While not as thoroughly polished or intricate as other open-ended puzzle games, OCTOPTICOM absolutely nails the concept and gameplay on a fundamental level. At the time of writing I've been playing this game for 150 hours.  From a technical standpoint, the game has a significant number of bugs and crashes and unintuitive moments that have yet to be ironed out. I'd be lying if I said I don't notice them or they don't bother me. The whole game is rather rough around the edges, and there are a number of things that I'd like to see done better.  But the puzzle solving struck me as something special. As an avid player of Zachtronics' games, this scratches the exact same itch in exactly the same way. In many respects, it seems very much like a Flash-era Zachtronics game, like Codex or Konstruktor: simple solid game, needs a little love and polish for the modern era. The only thing standing between Updev and a Zach game is about a decade of experience in the genre, which sounds like a lot until you look at how underpopulated the genre is.  This is arguably the best Zachlike gameplay outside of Zachtronics games themselves.
It's Shenzhen I/O for everyone. You don't have to read a 40+ page manual before getting into the game. The only complaint I have is the lack of workshop.
Nice Game Complete all level in 4 hours, more level plz
Great game. Note Level 8 the components fixed(cannot be moved or rotated), but you are free to add new components to solve the puzzle.
I came here to scratch the post-Exapunks zachlike itch and was left extremely satisfied. The game starts off quite slow and easy (but ramps up to proper difficulty soon enough) and UX is a bit rough around the edges, but at no point was I feeling frustrated at the game. The puzzles are solid, closer to the end requiring extensive planning of the approach to them. If you're a fan of Zachtronics, you'll like this one.
Octopticom gets a definitive thumbs up from me and I can recommend it without the slightest doubt to all logical puzzle fans. It very much reminded me of Spacechem and other "programming" puzzlers but I found it much easier to get into.  The game is basically about directing a source beam of white light through one or more input modules, which will color the beam according to the color sequence inherent in the input module, and then directing that colored beam into one or more output modules. This sounds blend and it is. However, each level has certain rules according to which you have to modify the colored beam from the input sequence so that it fits the required output sequence. And that's where all the puzzleing fun of this game lies.  You have certain components to modify the beam: Blocks, mirrors, splitters, filters, dichroic mirrors, switches (that let a beam pass depending on the existence of an active control beam), accumulators (carrying an input from one step of the sequence over to the next step), and complementors.  There are 42 levels with increasing difficulty. The first levels are just about learning the basics of applying the components to get a certain output sequence result. Then you have to program logical operators like AND, OR, XOR, NOT. Examples for other levels are writing a white color into the output after a sequence of green-red-green, copy only the cells above the main diagonal of the input sequence to the output sequence, etc. There are some real head scratchers!  On top of that most levels come with an optimization challenge. If you want to beat such challenge you have to position all components in a limited rectangular area which indeed can be quite challenging. It may lead to you having to rethink the entire approach of solving a level.  The only negatives I could find is the controls and the description of the output rules. While the controls do work, I found them to be a bit too limited for debugging purposes. Yet the developer has alreday made some changes upon my suggestions and, all in all, the game is very well playable. As to the rules, they are a little confusing at times and difficult to make sense of. However, my Steam guide to this game is almost complete and there you can find more elaborate explanations on what the desired output should look like.  Finally, the price for this game is not really cheap but considering the gaming value you get it is far from expensive. It took me around 20 hours to completely finish the game including all challenges. And those 20 hours were fun so it's well worth 8.19€!
I really liked this last DLC. I think it was probably the best of all of them. Had some really fun puzzles, some intense (though short) combat sections and some visually stunning tombs to explore. Like every one else is saying, it sadly is all quite short, with the character interactions being very uneventful. I was hoping there would be some sort of closure to Lara's story but no such luck.  I think these DLCs would have felt less bite size if instead of 7 they had like 3 with more concentrated content. I wish the stories were a little more interesting and added a bit more to the universe of this game, instead of being just short excuses to go find the new tomb. But I wanna praise the developers for getting all the main characters' voice actors involved for each of these DLCs, and for putting the effort to create these visually stunning new levels. It would have been great if all these new areas were added to the main map and had collectibles spread around, so at least you'd have an incentive to re visit them, but hey....  Like for the whole of this Tomb Raider entry, it feels like so much potential was there to create an amazing end to this trilogy, but only part of this potential was realised and a lot of it was cut short of what could have been.  Still, it's been a fun 30 or so hours with this game.   Farewell Lara.
The DLC is what it is, a short downloadable content. It has some content to keep you occupied for a while and then you move on. You get  +New side quest +New tomb +New outfit +New weapon. In my opinion it is not worth spending the full amount but you could still pick up the season pass when it is on sale. From pure game play perspective, it is worth a shot.  If you are stuck with the challenge tomb, here is a walk through video I created https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YqtfWbc9PM
Gives a sense of conclusion to the game.
Thanks for the great series!  Got the season pass on sale awhile back after getting the base game on release day.  At sale price, the DLC was certainly worth the extra time playing one of my favorite game series over the many many years of tomb raider!  Really hope more is to come someday.  I really enjoyed the reboots.  GG!
This game is not your average coaster venture. It's more of an endurance test to see how well you can hold up to spooks and scares. I didn't know what to expect going into it. But wow, was it a fun ride! You get 5 rides, all different which each take about 2.5 min to complete. Rides 1,2 and 5 startled me a bit, but 3 and 4 legitimately scared me, and it was awesome.  Even though the graphics aren't the best and the absence of coaster wheels moving take you out of the experience a bit, the 5 rides are all very unique and took me off guard. And for a price like this, how could you not?  7/10
[h1] Experienced on the Oculus Rift with Touch Controllers [/h1]  Admittedly, this rollercoaster VR app of 5 total rides about 2.5 minutes each is not for everyone. If you don't like VR rollercoaster rides, I doubt this app will change your mind. Howevever, if you like VR rollercoaster rides then this one is better than average.  The graphics are not the best. Low polygon count, low quality 3D model assets. The sounds are not great either. But each of the rides brings something different, even if they all end roughly the same. Spoiler alert: [spoiler] you die at the end of each ride! [/spoiler] The coaster moves pretty fast and you get a different vibe from each ride. It's strange that you pick rides 1 through 5 via point and click instead of them being named.   Rate 6.5/10. Low production values, cheap thrills. My kind of date.
[h1]Reviewed using HTC Vive Pro and Vive Wireless[/h1]  🎢 Good Quality with slight Coaster Sickness 🤢🤮🤢 5 rides approx 2 min long each, put your screamer friends in it 🤣  https://youtu.be/Tu8924Zn3WA
Timberman VS is effectively Timberman, but better in every way. Classic mode is just as you would expect, classic Timberman. We also have the new Hero and Race Modes.   Hero mode is classic mode but instead of being endless you are tasked with reaching a certain hight to save birds from a burning tree with 3 difficulty settings which affect how high you must go. In essence its just classic Timberman but thats fine because the real addition here is Race mode where you race against 3 others to reach a certain hight as fast as you can (Note: for faster times you can try using Player 1 and Player 2 controls at the same time).   The available heights are 50, 100, 200, 400, 500, 1000, 1500, 2000, 2500, and 5000. This mode also has an ingame timer which connects to the global leaderboards which provide a quick and easy way for you to compare you times to others. There are also leaderboards for total wood chopped however this leaderboard isnt trustworthy and as shown by my 1000000+ count on the leaderboard its easily exploitable with cheat engine/bit slicer.   The game also features online but don't expect to be finding anyone else online to play. All in all its a fun experience for short bursts of arcade fun and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys this style of arcade fun.
very fun game
Fun online matches and achievements, and even a somewhat fun singleplayer progression. Way better than the mobile counterpart. If you can get it on sale it's a definite buy. If you buy this game, buy a copy for a friend, its more fun that way.
Pro: It's as fun as the first one.  Con: Multiplayer seems dead, at least I haven't been able to connect to any random matches at all.
This game is so much fun especially with friends. I would like some sort of option or key to restart instantly without having to play the animations.
eh
Pretty fun for a simple hand-eye coordination game. Recommend to buy if you're into that sort of game.
Please, help me, my Timberman VS just turned black when i started it, help me please :D :)
Pretty fun game but online is dead just like original timberman
chop chop chop
DECENT
cool
As its predecessor this one's simple in its core idea, fast paced and really enjoyable. You chop down trees (or the like) from left or right avoiding branches - that's it (and probably pretty much how it works in real life - life lesson learned).  Pro: Core idea is the same as classic Timberman - which is its recipe for succes imho. Soundtrack is great. The new game modes mix things up nicely - keeps you engaged for longer. And it's dirt cheap.  Con: Online play at the moment seems to be very much dead - due to very few people playing, I guess. So get onboard!   At first I was really bothered that at game over you have to wait through fadeout & game over screen for 1-2 seconds (which feels long in such a hectic game and in the original was skippable by button press) before getting back to chopping (seemed to really interupt the built up excitement) but I got over it.
In my relative short time so far, I quite enjoyed it. Unfortunately, it still has it flaws. The game is meant to be a Multiplayer Heavy Focused version of the original Timberman. The base game is there, but it has been reworked.  PROS + The original game is still here, along with some new modes such as 'Save The Birds' and 'Races' which adds more variety to the game + Instead of doing tasks to unlock character, it has now been replaced with a Leveling Up System. Any and all games played will contribute to this.  + A ton of new environments and music has been added, which really makes replays much better  CONS - No Tasks to unlock characters. I don't mind Leveling Up, but the original game of having to unlock characters felt very rewarding - Controls are a bit buggy. It doesn't feel as responsive as the original Timberman - Online Matchmaking is very broken. I have yet to find a single game but Invites do work so if you got friends, you're in luck  Overall, if you liked the original Timberman, you'll enjoy this one as well
Simiar to the original game, timerman, but so many new additions. I like the new gameplay options for the vs challenges and the solo wildfire challenge. Since this is timberman VS, it is specifically focused on verses gameplay. The only downside to that is the lack of players honestly. There very rarely seem to be anyone to play against in timberman and so far, I haven't been able to get any through this game either. ______________________________________________________________ Pros: new achievements, wildfire/save the birds, level up to unlock chracters, simple and easy design  Con(s): lack of players/playabiity in vs ______________________________________________________________  All in all, I believe the new gameplay options would've worked better as a new addition to Timberman rather than an entire new game.   **Game aquired with 10% off early buyer discount and 50% off discount coupon for having already owned Timberman.**
Great fun.
Its "ok"
Just like the original timberman except with more features. Although I can't promise this will bring you the feature is promised... I hope it gets fixed soon! Because this game's super entertaining and I wish you could get the 4 player VS online to work.
I would want to check off the "meh" box, but there isn't one yet. I still had fun with it though. I've only played a little bit of the game, but I can tell this: Gameplay is still quite fun. The developers have added a lot of polish to the game. You cannot change the controls from WASD because 4-player is on one keyboard. Either this game was made for lefties or there's some other reason why I can't change the controls. You also can't invite friends to private matches. Why? This is a feature in normal Timberman, but not here? It's a good game from what I can tell, but don't expect as much shelf life as you can get out of Timberman 1.
They fixed what they needed to fix and they did it really quick. That only shows how determined and solid of a company they are. The game still isn't perfect but [b]definitely worth buying[/b]. A lot of new content, fixed controls and of course new updates coming soon. Actually playable now and really fun. I recommend buying for Timberman fans and new players as well.  [b]What to fix?[/b] -Probably the only thing I'd like to see fixed now is the possibility of quick restart like in the old Timberman and not having to wait for the 'Game Over' screen to finally be back to the good ol' choppin', bois KKona
If you like the 1st game you will like this one and I love the 1st game.
I mean, you know what it is...
Good quality game for pretty cheap. Graphics and music are pretty good. Sadly can't change your controls to the left and right keys and there's a bug where you can't play Classic mode by yourself. 7/10
A game for all canadians :D
Input lag and no way to make custom binds when playing alone is the reason to the thumbs down. Fix this and I'll change my review accordingly :)  Edit; Huge thanks to the team behind the game for being active and listening to the community, and it took just a few days to fix the issues I had with the game. Overall a huge upgrade from the original Timberman, with way smoother gameplay and an addicting ranking system that keeps me interested. It's sad that there isn't many pc players out there though, so maybe in the future we can crossplay with mobiles?(if it gets released there)   Definitely worth the price.
SUPER EPIC GAME! SO FUN, AND YOU CAN EASILY BEAT YOUR FRIENDS! (Only bad thing is after 1 hour of playing you no longer have friends :(...)
If you want to chop, buy it! I know you can afford it.
Really good and tense game.
Very nice recreation of the board game and online component is also pretty good.
very faithful to the boardgame but the expansions are missing
Love this game.  Have the table top game as well.  I would highly recomend
Istanbul is well designed and implemented. The UI is at first a bit unintuitive at first but you can quickly learn your way around things. The online play is seamless. All in all there is nothing to complain about.
its very good nice music,graphics and after quick tutotial you can understand it very well plays almost like the boardgame.
Took several games to get comfortable with the rules and game mechanics but it's simple enough to understand. As I've got to know the game better I enjoy it more. Istanbul has been on my radar for some time but not played the actual boardgame before until buying the digital version so can't comment on comparison between the two. Been playing against AI which I've noticed can start getting predictable. The UI works seamlessly. Will purchase actual boardgame after playing this version.
Great!
Istanbul is a new addition to my list of favourite games.  I do not own the physical game but cannot imagine how it could be different from this digital version.  Gameplay is turn-based on a 4X4 grid.  You move your game piece around the board, selecting your own route and performing a different action on each of the 16 tiles.  The object of the game is to be the first to collect 5 rubies through the collection and sale/trade of goods.  You can initially carry only a limited number of goods and travel only a short distance, but your abilities are augmented throughout the game by purchasing wagon upgrades and mosques.  There are many paths to victory and the ability for some mild interference amongst players. I find the game a good mix of strategy with plenty of tactical decisions, and I like that you have control of your own fate and play style.  The tutorials are helpful enough but it will still take a couple of games to be confident that you are making a sound choice and not just idly wandering through the board.  The interface is beautiful and there are helpful mouse-over tips for everything.  One gripe is that some of your available moves are not immediately evident, tucked away in a side or bottom bar, but it's probably the right choice to keep the UI clean and it would be annoying to those who already know how to play the game.   Once you have memorized what each tile can do for you, the game will 'click' and you will know what you want to do, but how you do it is ever-evolving and different on each playthrough.  The game has very high replay value because you can randomize the tiles, play with friends or varying levels of AI, and there is an element of chance.
Istanbul is a strategic trading game. The one who collects first the rubies wins.
+ faithful to the bg + online multiplayers + attractive pricing (@US$8) - not digital version's fault, however, as an euro game, players rely on dice roll to get jewerly (@black market)? bad design. + on the other hand, i love tea house (the more risk you take, the more reward you get) + the assistants is an interesting game mechanism. players have to think about how to retrieve them, or need an extra turn to recall them all.
Great game. The multiplayer works very well.
Very great adaption of a board game! Slick controls and interface, online/hotseat multiplayer...what more could you want other then expansions?   That said, very good stuff!
Go the digital version, because I play the board game quite a bit, but not as often as I would like. Pro - helped me spot a couple of rules we had misinterpreted from the board game. Pro - can play when I want. Pro - Don't have to wait to set a board up. Con - Board on a laptop screen is a lot smaller than the physical board game on the table, made it difficult sometimes to track which section was what in a random game. Pro - the only con disappeared when I played it on my huge telly on the wall  :)
Istanbul Gurubaraga!?
Istanbul is one of my favourite board games and this is an excellent adaptation
This is really faithful to the board game.  I played the table top game first, but this one helped me come up with strategies and understand the mechinices deeper.  Because of that experience and the steam game I've decided to buy the tabletop version.  Highly recommended to everyone who likes strategy and puzzles.    Note: also runs smoothly on linux without any issues.  Graphics and achievements both flawless.  Kudos to Mobo for supporting linux.  Thank you!
BRILLIANT! I have been playing this every day since buying myself a copy.  Games can be right down to the wire!. I have lost by one Lira when I thought the game was in the bag lol.  There are so many strategies you can employ but what works in one game may not in the next.   I am enjoying this game so much I have to get the physical board game to add to my collection.  Istanbul: Digital Edition has replaced Paperback and Splendor as my go to game when time does not allow for a Sim or and FPS fest.  I can see why the Board Game Ranks as one of the top 100 Worldwide.
Just wanted to say, thanks for the Linux version it works great!
A faithful recreation of the Istanbul board game with a pleasant soundtrack.  Especially liked how documentation/help was always available without clutter and that you could dive deeper into the rules by clicking further. Only tricky bit was how to apply mosque powers -- make sure to look at the bottom of the screen for when they're available. Really pleased that it cleanly handled widescreen resolutions.
In general I would recommend this as most of the pictures are pretty good, pretty fun. However. There's two digitized photos lumped in with the rest here and while "Cow" is not as bad as it could've been, "Sheep" is reeeeally tedious and frustrating to complete. And then there's "Berries", the single worst possible picture they could've possibly put in, a picture that took me longer than the entire Emoji pack by itself and probably longer than "Cow" as well. It's... just the most tedious, frustrating image to complete as it's a really repetitive pattern made up exclusively of very tiny splotches of color. It's awful. But yeah I mean... 17 or 18 of the 20 images are good, just a few that are notably bad.
I liked the RPG dlc more, but that doesn't mean the farm pack is bad. I enjoy it as much as the base game. Some pictures are a bit annoying to complete, but if it's finished you are even prouder than if you complete an easier picture.
god has joined the lobby
realy good
Awesome Pictures! I am a huge fan of Farming and everything that comes with it so this pack is an awesome addition to the game :)
10/10, needed more crop circles
YES IT FINALLY CAME OUT! WOOHOOO!!!!!
Loving it so far, just can we have achivement sfor each picture?
A novel experience that more people should have, it's good. Clapping to get enemies to shoot each other is a satisfying activity, and the standard top-down shooting benefits from the enemies being sometimes tricky to detect.
Neat game. Echo is not a game mechanic used enough.  The environment sound is pretty good, the shell hitting the floor, clock beeping, you can have a good idea of what most of the things are pretty easily.  The AI is a bit questionable sometimes. I can kinda understand what's going on with the normal enemies shooting each other, but grenadier blowing himself up is kinda weird.  But overall it's a nice little game. Running around like a mad man or luring and gunning are both rather enjoyable.  PS: Found a bug, if you tab out then go back, the blood texture will disappear.
Pixie Panic Garden is a fun and challenging action game in the style of classic bomberman games from the super nintendo and genesis eras. In PPG, the classic formula is spiced up with the addition of equipable skills for the main character, enemies each with their own set of malicious tricks and behaviour, levels with specific objectives to keep you on your toes and different stages with secrets and hazards that will put your abilities to the test.  Pixie Panic Garden also features many 16-bit style, erotic pixel sprite animations for a variety of fetishes, with a unique animation for every enemy in the game, ranging from monsters and creatures to humanoids both male and female, retro style CG's for the bosses with different variations and a gallery mode where you can enjoy all of this content at your leisure, including an option to sync the sprite animations with their respective CG versions.  With a catchy soundtrack to keep your spirits up, a mix of strategy and action to suit your gameplay urges and cutely draw, animated and voiced erotic content, PPG will for sure bring entertainment and enjoyment to you! I hope you have a great time playing it!
This hentai game?         [h1] Yes [/h1] This hard game?            [h1] Yes [/h1] I can fap on this?           [h1] Yes [/h1]  This good game. Could be worse.
This is a fun little hentai take on the basic Bomberman gameplay. Catchy soundtrack as well.  Some of the levels can be a bit repetitive, but there's still a decent variety of enemies and objectivies.
Uh-oh, I trapped myself with my bomb!  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Fun fighting, puzzle, bouncing game. Right when you think you have the mechanics figured out there is a twist. A room with a new type of puzzle, a monster that looks harmless then fires ghosts at you, or its time to change my hero in order to beat a specific room, and then you die. Yay for infinite lives! But you need to start the dungeon over again. Reminds me of old school mario games where you get half way through, then die, and have to run the level over again until you unlock the secret of the level you are on. I like farming gold, but then i get stuck because he has no boost!
10/10 Would violently hurl my descendants at a wall again.
So far I really enjoy this game. The mechanics are simple to pick up and it looks like there are more added as you progress through the game. I've made it through the first few levels so far. Seems simple now, but I'm starting to see the difficulty rise. I'm sure that it will get pretty tricky. Also, the music in this game is excellent! I'm excited to work my way through this one.
Took a moment to understand how to actually play but I like it! It's this weird mix of like, pool with RPG and Roguelike elements. You shoot your little hero around and fight stuff and bosses and yadda yadda. Enjoyed!
It's a fun game, but can get repeitive for some people because you will get alot of the same items to buy or not to buy. It's also a bit too easy to haggle prices because you always know how far you can go, you just stop when there's steam coming out of the ears of the seller.  Another thing i don't like is that the auction part feels a bit random. You never know if the same item will be sold as good as the previous time you sold it. Or even be accepted to be sold for action  But overall it's still a really fun game to play, that's why i'm giving it a thumbs up.. But there is room for improvement.
this game is fun but they need to fix a few things in this game because when your going to places to buy items and your inspecting them the sales clerks at the garage or donation shop gets angry with you and tells you to stop poking or looking at the item so i can never get to see or unlock all the ? marks hidden things about the item so how about putting in a shop that allows you to get someone to examing the item you have brough to see if it can incress the price you get when selling it also it would help to know the diffence between the two auction genral and the other one and what items could be sold in each auction would be nice to know this game has poental but its just not quite there needs a lot of work
I have been following this game for quite a long time and frankly I love the concept of the game. I like the graphics, I like the base game play, but there are some major problems with the game that need tweaked.    Gas and Grocery's- Yes you got to eat and fuel your car, love the idea just needs to be changed. You must pay for gas what seems like every two days or two drives and food 3 times a week for roughly 75 dollars a week to start, but you don't know when this is coming so you can't plan for it. This is half of your start money and with half of the items costing 20 dollars or more you can be SOL real quick. This could be fixed with a weekly gas bill that you know is coming or with a start vehicle of a bike. This likes to happen to me the day before the auction forcing me to sell my items that are in the auction making a bigger problem. Also if I only have 10 dollars to my name why am I buying 20 dollars worth of food.  The auction- The Auction itself is fine no problems for me there. The problem is the Validation to put things in the auction. OMG what a problem. First off there are 2 types General and Grand Auctions. Now the Grand auction should have validation because you only want top of the line items, that makes sense, but it should not be for the general auction. The general auction should be all items not some items sometimes.  Example I bought a bike at a garage sale and sold it at the auction when validated the man said and I quote “This is the type of item we are looking for”  (bought for 2 sold for 10) didn't make a lot but in early game every dollar counts. 2 days later found another bike took it to auction and was told “What is this rubbish your bringing me”. How can I know what items I can bring when one week it's yes and the next week it's no. I would rather lose money in the auction trying to sell the item then have no chance at all.  Inspecting items- Never in over 30 years of living have I gone to a yard sale and was told to stop looking at an item. It happens here though. If I am interested in buying something I'm going to look at it. Make sure it's ok. This just straight up does not make any sense.  Overall I am going to give it a thumbs up because it has so much potential. There is a core game here that could be great it's just not there yet. 5/10 as of right now.  Please follow me at One on One Gamers. As a curator I am looking for help from you wonderful people on steam to make my reviews better. Follow, comment, support.
god
yre
it looks pretty good
niceu
fhg
good
Dope car, psyonix should add more real cars to the game imo.
this shit good man!  there is only 1 thing that is not good, no customisation.
Finally learned to dribble with this. 10/10 would buy again.
This McLaren 570S sports car is what keeps me playing rocket league happy :))
Good car, could use more customization options.
░░░░░░░░░▄██████████▄▄░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░▄█████████████████▄░░░░░ ░░░░░██▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀████████░░░░ ░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████░░░ ░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░ ░░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀███████░░ ░░░█▄▄██▄░░░▀█████▄░░▀██████░░ ░░░█▀███▄▀░░░▄██▄▄█▀░░░█████▄░ ░░░█░░▀▀█░░░░░▀▀░░░▀░░░██░░▀▄█ ░░░█░░░█░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░██ ░░░█░░█▄▄▄▄█▄▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▄█▄█░ ░░░█░░█▄▄▄▄▄▄░▀▄░░░░░░░░▄░▀█░░ ░░░█░█▄████▀██▄▀░░░░░░░█░▀▀░░░ ░░░░██▀░▄▄▄▄░░░▄▀░░░░▄▀█░░░░░░ ░░░░░█▄▀░░░░▀█▀█▀░▄▄▀░▄▀░░░░░░ ░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░▄▄▀░░░░█░░░░░░░ ░░░░░▄██▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░█▄░░░░░░ ░░▄▄▀░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░▀▀▄░░░░ ▄▀▀░░░░░░░█▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░█▄░░ █░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀█▄ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░ █▄░░█ █▀▀█ ▀▀█▀▀░░█▀▀█ █▀▀█ █▀▀▄ █░█░█ █░░█ ░░█░░░░█▀▀▄ █▄▄█ █░░█ █░░▀█ █▄▄█ ░░█░░░░█▄▄█ █░░█ █▄▄▀ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
Nice
good 
i but the car but i dont have it in my locker
omg 
nice
For the price, you can't custom anything which sucks... honestly, you can get the Jurassic world pack for same price and its content is much much better. This, is only a car.. just a car, nothing else..  It's probably just an expensive car pack cuz it's a Mclaren.. meh... other than this, the car looks nice and when I played with it, it was feeling nice. If only we could just give a bit of customization to it!
so gud ai laik it but chi jab a problem i desperdais moni in dad fing OPEN ENGLISH.COM
+cool car -cant costumize  +You won’t find a McLaren for 1,59€ anywhere in real life
Be McSkillet buy the McLaren 570S and go on the opposite side on the driveway!
its good i guess the dar it self look good but i wish it would have a spoiler
Cool as f
McSkillet would be proud of me!
pretty clean
legit dope
So! I purchased this DLC the day it came out, been playing it ever since. My thoughts on it? Well, I've become quite fond of the Dominus in the time I've played, and I rarely used any other ever since I started using it. The McLaren feels somewhat like the Dominus (shares the same hitbox), though from my experience, it does seem to give the ball a little extra power when you hit it with your wheels, which is a fun ability to use as it catches a lot of people off-guard. I'd say that if you can get over the fact that it can be barely customized (similar to the original Batmobile), you get a well rounded Dominus-esque vehicle that looks fancy and plays rather nicely.
It's a pretty fine looking car, and looks clean without decals or hats. Oh wait, you can't put those on heheh....
cant be customized but still cool imo
lol
sfasfa
Good
I really like the engine sound, but I can't use that for other car...
It's not customizable, but it still is a nice looking car and was meant to be clean.
very fun.
this car is the worst car in the game. it is worse than the scarabe in looks and is not even customizable. i have spent over $100 dollars on the game and this is the worst purchase i have made.
Amazing looking Car if you have the money
I see McLaren, I click buy
one of their best cars imo
Editablen't
When going for the ball, you can only hit or miss. I see people using this car, and I guess they never miss.  Huh, that's interesting.
no customizations tho but is Siiick!! :p
If you're looking for a sleek and sporty rocket league car, then this is for you. It's great in game too due to it's dominus hitbox. I personally think it feels and looks better than a dominus, but that's for you to decide. Great pack if you're looking to tryhard in style.
cool
I like the way this car looks but unfortunately it is not customizable so I dont reccomend this dlc . My advice for developers is to allow us to customize this car . I'm pretty sure being able to customize mclaren will make this car more popular .
Please add the Function that you can put on your mystery decals! That would be awesome!
not bad
This is the best car I've ever had! It looks so good! Only downside is that you're not able to customize that much, but it still looks great without changing it
Please, please make it customizable....  still dope without it but it would look so nice with at least paint finishes (Like anodized paint)
quite mad
McLaren 570S is a pretty icon model for the label, the best licensed car so far. But you can't customise anything other than colours,flags. dang  I wish we would have the choice to add on accessories, patterns etc. Just like GTR R34.
YGJHJKJJK
It's a great car, do not let negative reviews change your mind - mostly it is just kids complaining they can't use their worth-50-keys decal on it.
If you love McLaren you'll enjoy playing with one!
I like it. Slick body
Good car love it
[u]Can't customize anything[/u] but the car is actually pretty neat it feels nice to play with it. 8/10
Sick car if you don't care about decals or wheels.
Epic
To summarise this car- low hitbox, feels like the breakout hitbox. turning radius is pretty great too.   There is very little customisation because this is a licensed real-world vehicle (thus meaning we can't mess with the car's appearance in-game, see also: Need for Speed '15), and so you can only change the paint colour. however I think toppers etc would just look silly. BMD's would have been nice though.  Only real downside is the engine noise, although for me music drowns it out anyway.
Very good dlc, best breakout hitbox car in my opinion, insane turn radius (wish the octane had the same one) and decent hitbox. As for esthetics the car looks great. Only thing i would say i don't really like about this car is its engine sound, it sounds like a lawnmower that has trouble starting up, instead of being that smooth sound with the cuts in between that indicate the gear shifting. Otherwise though, i would say this is a great use of 1.59€. Also comes with 2 really cool looking banners.
Its Gucci
Now what if Rocket League had actually good graphics for the people with dual 2080 Ti's and 9th gen i7 processors? These promotional videos are really getting to me. Sure, fast paced sports game, but at least make the cars and ball look amazing!! That's where our eyes are!
The GP2 engine feels good, much slower than before. Amazing.
good 
Great engine sound
Don´t listen to comments like: This car is like f*cking dominus, it can ´t have f*cking decals, wheels...... Because this car is amazing!! I have played many matches and in every match hat trick, 700 points and good playing. And this car with some decals and wheels?? Jesus Christ!!! This car looks amazing without some decals or wheels, with decals and wheels it will look like shit! So don´t listen to this s*its and buy this amazing car!!
I hope the next collaboration with McLaren would bring the P1 or the Senna. Or imagine a DLC pack including the old McLaren F1 (fastest car on this Planet for 13 years) and the new Speedtail.  Also I don't understand why people complain for the limited customization where Psyonix clearly states what is possible to customize.
Very good DLC. I love the McLaren 570S. The only disadvantages are the wheels wich can't be changed. overall a solid 8/10.
Endo Killer!
Not full price! They dont tell you about the hidden cost in clothes, the release of this dlc made me rip off my pants and start masturbating furiously!
Good Car :)
I can now flex about owning an actual McLaren. 10/10 DLC. Thanks Psyonix for making me really kewl!
Good car! Don't give a damn about not able to customize it, it looks great as it is.
This car has an outstanding hitbox but the customizability is limited. It is like the batmobile but u can customize the boost. This car already looks good so if you dont care about not being able to use your decals then this is a perfect car.
Amazing hit box
It's a good looking car but I don't really like the engine sound 
Phenomenal car in phenomenal game...  *the only con is that you can't choose any decals and wheels for this car, but damn it...it's McLaren!
I love the mclaren 570S. The fact that they added it to rocket league couldn't make me any happier, except maybe if they had a few liveries or skins whatever you want to call it. Im not to upset about the customizations as some people are it would have been nice but I cant complain besides they did the same with the delorean and jurassic park dlc and they were great dlcs too. So yes I would definetly recommend this.   What you can customize: -Boost -Trail -color ( no finishes like gloss, matte etc )   P.S if Psyonix sees this you guys should do the Lamborghini Veneno or maybe even the Pagani Zonda next :D  just saying
i dont get the car 
Love the car! <3
Just a quick heads-up for anyone considering buying this DLC in order to use these sweet Vossen HC-2 rims on other cars, they are exclusive to the McLaren 570S and cannot be applied elsewhere. Also, this car comes with no decals, and no BMDs can be applied to it either.  Other than these two minor grievances, it's actually a pretty good deal for just 2 bucks.
It's a damn McLaren. That's all you need to know.  Personally i don't care at all that you can't equip a decal or change the wheels. I don't even customize my Octane.  Keep licencing real cars <3 Keep up the great work
very cool car with availabel modification on the goal, trail and boost
pretyty good cer
good, like the dominus but it's a frickin mclaren
Would be better if the engine sound and wheels are allowed to use on other cars, but afterall this car is sick and sound really nice.
gg new main
'Wat een bak' -Rene Froger
The lack of customization is a shame. There doesn't seem to be any decals or anything for it. But otherwise, a very clear and nice looking car!
I came
1
Beautiful Car but customization is poor.
yos
awesome
very good car but it seems strange that the wheels are so fine and more when you see the back of the car
Yes,yes,yes, and a whooooooooooooooole lot of yes.Also, I think allowing anything to be added to the car visually was probably discouraged by McLaren, since they DO own the rights to the car. Manufacturers have the say so on what you can and can not do with their cars and what not.
So, it's a legit McLaren, the only negative thing I want to add is that it has 0 customization options aside from a select flag included. Hitbox is low & flat, good for dribbling.
2 dope mclaren banners 11/10
This vehicle has the Dominus hitbox for those that are curious.
My neighbor can't play soccer with his McLaren, but I can now  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Cool.
Fast cars, in a fast game.
1. Dominus Hitbox (thought it'll be a Hybrid, but whatever) 2. only could customize boost, trails, goal explosions 3. no decals (but who cares, it's clean yo)  Well, I'll be damned on how gorgeous it looks... WHAT'S NEXT, PAGANI? FERRARI? LAMBORGHINI? MERCEDES? MASERATI?   one that should be added for sure, Nissan GT-R R35 or upcoming R36 in the future?  Hell, PUT IN THAT TOYOTA SUPRA OR MAZDA RX-7 FROM FAST & FURIOUS  PSYONIX, TAKE NOTES
Can customize the Rocket boost, Trail, and Goal Explosion. Can't use decals, rims, or change secondary paint. Also can't put Mclaren rims on any other car.......
Awesome car
Lit
It's a hot car in a hot game that's not from Hot Wheels.  What could go wrong?  It's a McLaren!  Now get us a Koenigsegg Agera, then the transformation of Rocket League into Forza Horizon 4 will finally be complete.
Im a simple man, i see gamesawards, it anounces rocket league dlc, i buy dlc.
Day 1 impressions.  Good: This game has a fantastic art style and it reminds me of the older Tactical RPGs like Shining Force. I also dig the Faction variety. Even though there isn't as many factions as Brigandine the strategies of the in-game factions feel much more varied. The pirates are numerous and aggressive while the Aliens are tanky and have "Poison" damage. The animations are dope and I enjoy the Trial & Error gameplay.   Bad: Not a fan of the mouse controls. Scrolling through the large maps for a "low unit count" game is kind of a pain. Also wish there was an option to increase unit's movement speed animations to make it a bit faster. These are all just nitpicks though.
Only a few hours in this is an interesting little strategy title that has enough simplicity to be a pick up and go with little tutorial but a good amount of difficulty and depth in options and play.
เกม Turn Base ที่เอาระบบเกมยุคเก่าๆมาผสมผสานกัน แต่ก็ไม่ใช่เกมโคลนระบบ  -แผนที่/คำสั่งรบ เหมือน Super Robot Taisen ยุค Alpha -ยูนิต/ฉากสู้ เหมือนเกม RAI ของเครื่อง SFC  -มีคำสั่งบริหาร พัฒนาดาว สร้างป้อม เหมือนเกม RAI ของเครื่อง SFC แต่ออกคำสั่งเป็นเทิร์น ไม่ใช่ RTS  -มี 3 ฝ่ายให้เล่น แต่ต้องค่อยเล่นปลดล็อคทีละฝ่าย -แต่ละฝ่ายมียูนิตรูปแบบคล้ายๆกัน แต่ก็มีคุณสมบัติเฉพาะตัว -การยึดดาวใช้รูปแบบ Sector เหมือนเดินหมาก -ควบคุมง่าย ใช้แค่เม้าส์อย่างเดียว  สำหรับเกมที่ทำด้วยตัวคนเดียวก็ถือว่าโอเค เล่นได้สนุกอยู่ คล้ายๆ RAI แต่ยูนิตมีลูกเล่นมากกว่า เช่น ยานเติมเสบียง / ยานอำพราง(เรือดำน้ำ) และสามารถยึดยูนิตกันได้ มีระบบขุนพลเหมือน RAI  ข้อเสีย -การเลือกยูนิต เลือกเป้าหมายไม่ค่อยลื่นไหล -ดีไซน์ยูนิตดูเห่ยๆ
Very nice, litlle one-man indie turn based strategy with retro touch.  Simple, but efficient strategy layer plus series of small scale tactical combats (at most 20 units on board, usually ca 8 turns) makes for fast paced game and prevent drag. Choices are minimalistic, but well implemented.   I found game reasonably simple (with beginning a bit more challenging) and needed 21 hours to reach all endings.   For negatives, there is little replayability. Game is somewhat unbalanced (submarines" are underwhelming), AI is passable, and plays by the rules (which is nice feat for such a small game), tlhough very predictable in tactical phase. RNG sometimes can be a bit annoying (but never ruined the battle for me). For the price I can really racommend game.
Impressive work from a single developper, and like others mentionned a refreshing throwback to SNES era top down t-rpg.  The two different game layers are well presented and engaging, you will manage both your fleet and system's development through a commanding room where various officers offer input :  - It's up to you to decide wether to follow these or decide by yourself, while taking into consideration an effective growth plan and the fact that whoever acts can get a bonus in 3 different stats, each useful for different aspects of the game : economy (political), special powers (prestige), and the size of the fleet they can command (leadership). These choices, while limited due to the game being rather minimalistic, are still varied enough to allow the player to pursue a few different main tactics. Research, exploration, planet growth, border defense...  - During battle if you're used to t-rpgs such as tactics ogre, valiant hearts or the more recent advanced wars, you will find your marks quickly. The AI plays well, there's no rigged RNG or inflated AI stats bullcrap, although note that out of the 3 factions the Aliens are clearly stronger than everyone else, which is intended as per the dev since they act as the final boss. Personnal note though, during battle the minimalistic approach i find plays against the game due to the addition of rather low hit chance coupled with a lack of tools both during command and battle in order to mitigate the drawbacks of bad rolls. That said the developper is a very friendly and talented person, so we might get to see a few extra changes in order to polish this weakness.  English translation is a bit awkward but nothing game breaking.   Wholeheartedly recommended, looking forward to a couple more tweaks though. Don't expect a hardcore tactical either but just enough to keep you on alert, in a pretty interesting sort of intergalactic kamen rider setting.
It's an awesome love letter to classic Banpresto and Koei turn based strategy titles from the 90's. I really dig how this one developer managed to transport me back to 2001 when I first fired up a rom of  Super Robot Wars on ZSNES. It fueled my love of the franchise as a whole and got me into so many other TBS/SRPG games over the years. It's pretty much a very basic 4x styled empire management sim with battles playing out like SRW or Fire Emblem. Each week your generals give you advice such as conquering a planet for more resources, exploring new regions of space, researching new tech trees to buff your armada. The player has the freedom to ignore their advice and do their own thing which is what I recommend you do. It's easier to figure out the game mechanics that way. Each choice directly affects stats so plan out your path ahead of time before executing. The battle maps and even the little sprite animations of the individual units scream attention to detail of an almost forgotten genre of gaming. Support this guy. We need more games like this from people who are driven to make fun little titles that bring us back to simpler times. All we need now is classic Toonami and some Surge to complete the package.   9/10  There are some issues with the English translation but not enough to detract from story or gameplay. I'm serious, give it a try.
The WWE 2K19 Season Pass is simply a cheaper alternative than buying each of the containing and/or corresponding DLCs individually. It's not necessary but in the long run it will save you a little.
worth it !
Most of these idiots don't realise that the superstar and new moves DLC aren't released yet so of course they're not going to get them now. But as soon as these extra DLCs are released they will get them automatically.
Wheres the DLC? I purchased the season pack but I can't see bobby lashley or the other DLC superstar? anyone can help me? thanks
I have also not received the Accelerator or the myPLAYER KickStart, so I have basically spent £25 on nothing at all. And with that being the case I can't really recommend buying this until it is resolved really.  EDIT: They fixed the problem so it should be all good now.
I didn't get the recently released dlcs (accelerator and MyPlayer kickstart) and probably the same will happen with the upcoming packs too. I'm still contacting 2K's support, I hope they can help me, but as long as this problem won't get fixed, It's just 30€ thrown out for nothing.  Edit: today I saw Vore2K's thread on the game's general discussions page which was about that the season pass has been fixed and it should be working now for everyone, I've relogged into steam and finally the dlcs are working properly, so I change my rating to positive. Big up for the devs for fixing this problem and hopefully this issue will not happen again with the upcoming dlcs.
the undertaker is so cool
The WWE 2K19 Accelerator does exactly what it states; It unlocks all the wrestlers and alternate attires without you having to do the grinding for credits to purchase them. Considering that there are no objectives or in game challenges to unlock any of these things it doesn't take away from the game-play or skip progressions applying the Accelerator. I would recommend using the Accelerator and dumping any credits earned into your myCareer wrestler.
Myyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan
Michelangelo couldn't envision a better physique. You see this? This is ART
wonderful.
I highly recommend this dlc and dont forget that deluxe deition has every DLC , i know this because i have deluxe edition
very nais
best DLC ever in the wwe franchise
Best DLC Pack Ever (for a WWE game...)!!!!!
This is decent. The story is absolutely funny. And I love the balance between the sane and insane.   Note for dev: The simple fact that you seem to be a minecraft player made me admire you x) (You should add some subtitles to the bonus tho)
truly a chef-d'oeuvre  -at LEAST 5000 hours of replayability  -stunning visuals  -immersive story   11/10 would suck my homies dick again
I dream of voice acting in one of these masterpieces some day
I had to endure 2 minutes of a blowjob scene with fake moaning which made me very uncomfortable, I am very disturbed right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1Hmtasx24c  My youtube review goes into a lot more detail than my review here will.  I've seen every single cutscene in the game (including the bonus stuff) and I can say, it's certainly unique.  TLDW: If you're looking for a game, you will be disappointed. Because this is meant to be a comedy game focusing on cutscenes. The jokes are at best terribly written and at worst horrifically offensive. Now, I am recommending the game however, and that's because it's a great example of how not to do comedy.  Just being offensive isn't funny, it's what you do with it.
This is a short collection of animated comedy clips in which the player can choose the ending of each. One playthrough takes around five minutes, so it is only ten minutes to see it all. Then there is a little bonusvideo about the backround of Bmc Studio, around five minutes long.  The jokes are sexual and very weird, not really my kind. Voiceovers are ok. I think, this is really a special project, hard to recommend. But if you like that kind of humor, then give it a go. i do not want to give a negative rating, because i do not like the jokes. I see, that Bmc put work in it and for that, what it is, it is not bad.
BMC moves from live action to animated and it feels better than ever. Another great BMC title.  My gameplay: https://youtu.be/mpMJOu0w47U
i'm a little bit disappointed, but it's OK
So I went into this thinking it would be another Drizzle Path type deal where you wander around the countryside looking at scenery and just kind of zoning out--and in the beginning, it seemed like that. I was bored for the first couple chapters until I realized what the game was actually about, and when I did, it honestly gave me some FEELINGS. I may have cried a little.  This is more of a documentary/learning experience than an actual game. You don't solve any puzzles; you're just learning about the St. Croix River and how it changes over time. I know this sounds really dry when I'm summarizing but I can't adequately convey how valuable this is to see and experience, because--catch 22--if you don't see it yourself you won't really get it. It's one thing to think about deforestation and the theft of native land in the abstract, but when you're confronted with it through a VR-type platform, it really hits you in the gut.  I don't know, I'm still trying to gather my thoughts about this game, but I will say that you should check it out. It's super short so you can even do it on a lunch break or while you're waiting for your laundry or something. Apparently (according to some other reviewer) some of the proceeds from the game go to help the St. Croix, and I think that's reason enough to throw it in your shopping cart.
A short and (bitter)sweet dive into the American history mostly form nature's point of view. You'll get to watch how the last few centuries have treated a beautiful river area that is full of tiny, easily missable details. You main objective is just to wander around and pick up items that trigger story snippets that - as far as I understood - were written or said by real people of that age. All in all the game seems to put a lot of value on historical accuracy, which is certainly a refreshing thing to see in a video game. And when all of the profits made from this game are even donated to environmental charity, I can only recommend giving this walking simulator a try!
I wasn't sure what to really expect from this game, so I thought a brief explanation might be helpful for others.   The narrative of the game centers around a river and a small cabin next to it. There are short "chapters" as you play through the story of this location that take place during different time periods. Each chapter has 4 "objects" to pick up (except for the first and last which only have one), and those artifacts have an audio narrative of someone from that time period relating to their experiences on the river. Then you return to the cabin for the next chapter to begin. Your movements consist of walking around, looking at the world around you, and clicking on the objects you're collecting. The narrative focuses on the environment, and the changes that humans brought to the land of North America from the late 1770s to the present. It has a point: we need to pay attention to what we're doing.   It's short; probably only about 45 minutes. Yet I really enjoyed seeing how the small area you're in changes over time. Actually it was rather depressing at the end, especially since you're hearing about real people and real events, but it's the kind of enjoyment you get when you know you've learned something important that you know you need to remember.   I also really like that the developer/publisher donates the game's profits to the [url=https://www.smm.org/scwrs]St. Croix Watershed Research Station[/url] and its projects and conservation efforts.   This game hit home for me. I grew up in the dense forests of Northern Michigan. We weren't hunters, but I remember spending hours every day all summer as a kid trying to catch turtles and frogs by the rivers and lakes near my house, bird-watching with my parents, and even making up goofy stories about the other small critters that were always around our house and the woods. But even in the past 20 years I've noticed some distressing changes in the environment and natural spaces of the area. There are an increasing number of very disrespectful people appearing and throwing their garbage everywhere, and big corporations exploiting and polluting the beautiful areas without any concern or consequence. It's sad. Disgusting actually. And I think it's important for projects like this one to be shared.
It's what the description says; an "interactive historical experience."  I think it's like a cross between an exhibit at a history museum and a brief lesson on environmental science and technological development.  As a student of environmental science, the game really speaks to me.  The fact that profits go back to the river it's based on is nice, too.  I liked it.  The music is soothing, the visuals are pretty (well, if your computer isn't a toaster), and the message is something that I'd like to see more of in games.  That being said, I would have liked to see a bit more about the history of the river pre-America, with the native peoples on it, and I would have liked to see more of the river pre-people.   The game has an "agenda," sure, but I think that's pretty clear from its steam description, anyway.  I still really enjoyed this museum of a game.
A beautiful, deeply and surprisingly moving little game.
Nicely made!! I like the idea of informative 'games' like this.  One could say it shows a bias, but most games do that. 
Educational, environmental, walking simulator. Explore a small, but well crafted, river in the American north. I really like that the proceeds are going to saving the river. Rad.  https://youtu.be/7xlU6aAWvvs
If Pong on the Fairchild Channel F and the Hattrick arcade game had a baby it would be this game.  Beware that even after you make your selections you have to highlight GO! or you will never get started.  Worth the asking....  F11 in case you don't notice switches it from Windowed / Full screen, so has that feature!  Played successfully with Logitech Dual Action USB controller.  Windows 10 64-bit compatible!
This is a great game. It makes a new game out of an old concept to build on an awesome gaming experience. It is exactly the kind of game I love to see developed and play. Its underpriced, so buy it now before it rises with future updates.
Great, fun game. Very fast in being able to sit down, turn it on and getting into a match. The controls are very simple, and the gameplay is straightforward yet complex enough that every match is different with who you pick and what car you pick. I didn't fully understand the vehicles stats, but there was an info screen that had that information. All bases covered.
As far as party games go, this is pretty prime.  It's easy to pick up as a newbie. The controls are straightforward, and the items are easy to use. Once you get the hang of the game, you can play a number of different strategies. Building up your sheilds on the ramp, deploying different items, and racing new cars make the game as complex as you like. Matches are quick, so you'll never have to wait too long to have a turn.  10/10
Great characters, car selection, controls, and art style. Really fun party game for friends
The art in this fun party racing game is excellent, and the different cars and characters makes a huge difference in gameplay variety when fighting your friends. Different projectiles makes every car feel drastically different regardless of stats. Absolutely recommended for fans of Tubeslider on the GC, the vehicle designs are excellent! Looking forward to being able to get a full set of 4 together to play More!
the whip movement and motion do not feel natural. a whip should be connecting at the tip not cutting thru like a saber. i expected it to whip out and hit the target but it never. have the developers ever used a whip? buy a few and try them on your partners or each other for fun 3:)  had to move slowly for whips to register properly.   i hope this game gets opened up to the mod community the same as beat saber as it has really made that game :) ive spent 100's of hours beating the saber.   add some form of lvl/map editor so people can make their own dance maps :) this game has real potential will check back after future updates. :)     
sometimes there is problems ending too early... consider Procedural Generation... and it need scanning Item...
Drive: Cities: Skylines
Definitely not an easter egg for the Stellaris mod of the same name e.e
electric
One of My BEST C:S Radio DLC's Good music vibes lots of different artist.... 10/10 Radio DLC recomended.
The original tracks included in the DLC are way worth the price. Loved it!!
the best radio station in cities skylines. so good that I listen to it outside of C:S  (as with all radio stations there are high quality ogg files in SteamApps\common\Cities_Skylines\Files\Radio\Music\)
this dlc is so relaxing i would recemmond it to anybody who wants to relax while playing cities skylines
Love the music , such a good 80s style syth sound.
My favourite station so far, would have liked more tracks in it but more stations like this would be awesome
I was born in the 80s, I hear these songs, it makes a happy face.
Great synthwork, and soothing syth-pop style. It could use more 80's style, and some more upbeat jams, but I enjoyed it. Good to listen to when the lights go down at night. Makes me doubly wish I had the After Dark DLC, which migt fit the sounds better.
16 great repetitive songs such as The Cohens, Sound of Neon, Jules Baptiste and 2 or 3 more artists but I'd liked to have at least a variety of 30 songs.
Great tunes for my taste and for the price too ! Wasn't able to find them anywhere else so it's safe to say that you can only hear them there, for now anyway but still, paying for this is still a good push in the right direction for the devs so yeah.
Nice music. Not necessary but still a very nice radio dlc. 10/10
Came with Industries Plus! Neato!
Kinda good music. Not really that necessary though if you don't care about minor DLC's. Though this music pack fits the Industry theme very much!
Not great but a nice addition to the game my only problem with this dlc is that to me it needs European university styles its very North American.
I think it's time for a sequel.  That was my main thought during my quick 2 hour rundown of this DLC's content, and that makes it hard to recommend. There was nothing new that I got really fired up about, because everything I care about is already in this game. What does remain is the inane traffic AI, deathwaves, and slowdowns even in moderately sized cities running on high end hardware.  [b]The Good:[/b] [list] [*] I'm glad to see public libraries make an appearance. In terms of what the [i]Skylines[/i] was missing versus its cohorts (including the giant in the field from 2003 whose name I can't mention) a sort of general city-wide buff to education. [*] It's interesting having universities provide little buffs to various other services. Specializing education is a nice touch and not a feature I was expecting going in. [*] Campuses are definitely a much better usage of the [i]Parklife[/i] special district tool than we saw in [i]Industries[/i], and possibly the best we've seen yet. In those past two expansions, the giant square blocks taken up by the factories or recreation areas often felt at odds with the usually organic look of those places in the real world, but here the campuses of [i]Campus[/i] much more resemble real university campuses than either [i]Parklife[/i]'s parks or [i]Industries[/i]' industrial areas. [/list]  [b]The Bad:[/b] [list] [*] School buses are just incredibly meh. As with the sightseeing buses introduced in [i]Parklife[/i] there just seems to be no good reason to use them versus normal buses. [*] And this is the big one- [b]There's really nothing new here.[/b] The mechanics are straight copies of [i]Parklife[/i], [i]Industries[/i], and [i]Match Day[/i]. The developers are working very hard to make the most of the content that is already in this game and squeeze it for all it's worth, which makes a lot of sense as a strategy both for a business and for the health of the software, but it feels increasingly like they've exhausted what can be done on this engine. [/list]  As with all new DLCs, the game now runs slightly slower as a result of the extra content being loaded. The cars are still all trying to take the same lane on the highway. My game clock still gets throttled when I move over the downtown highrises. With each new release (and probably the new DLC they will inevitably be selling this November) the problems just keep getting worse and worse, the limitations of this engine just becoming more and more apparent. [i]Campus[/i] does just enough to make me feel like I didn't waste my money, (mostly just by doing what Colossal Order has done in the past, but better this time) but at the end of the day, I'm still left thinking just one thing.  It's time for a sequel.
Pretty cool, its like the industry expansion, but for education. I really enjoyed it. But it doesn't have as much content as the Industry one, therefore its 2 dollars cheaper. But I would recommend for a sale, maybe 10 dollars or below.   Otherwise its a must own for Cities Skyline fans!
This is a really great expansion. It features a huge amount of new buildings. You can finally make big, realistic university campuses. Thanks for the hard work, greetings from my friend Fiat Multipla :D
I really think is worth, the campus as the core of the expansion let's you be more creative and expands the possibilities of construction in your city, also you can build your own university sports team.  I don't know, i love this game... if you are like me buy it, is fun, maybe similar in design to Parklife.
[h1]Education for the Masses[/h1] Campus is Cities: Skylines's Eighth Expansion. This expansion overhauls the Education system and adds three new campus universities you can customise. Add dormitories, buildings of specific studies, varsity sports, club houses etc. Educate your city even more and even some culture in the form of arts, sports, and more.  [h1]Pros:[/h1] - Three new Campuses -- Trade School, an urban themed university with sleek white modern design that has buildings specialising in Police, Tourism & Travel, and Engineering. -- Liberal Arts, an suburban artistic themed university with red roof design that has buildings specialising in Education, Environmental Studies, and Economics. -- University, a English-French themed university with a stereotypical blue university design that has buildings specialising in Law, Medicine, and Scientific Studies. - Academic Works: Campuses can be given funding to work on projects that can increase tourism and be shown within museums. - Varsity Sports: make campuses cheer for their team within American Football, Basketball, Swimming and/or Track & Field. You can customise the team colours, avatars, and even give funding to coaches and cheerleaders. - Three new museums: Technology, Art Gallery, and Science Centre. These can also help promote campus achievements, with each museum being for different campuses. - Gain tourism and leisure as well as gaining education bonuses to passersby. - Micro-manage academic studies, policies, tuition, and more. - A ton of new props from the three campuses.  [h1]Cons:[/h1] - Campuses unsurprisingly take up a lot of space especially with the Varsity Sports. it's best to put them within a large empty flat space so you can have room for improvement. Also a lot of the buildings are large so it can look out of place within smaller towns.  [h1]My Rating: 10/10[/h1]
You may want to rethink your naming of the "Final Solution" discovery. Pretty funny to see though.
I recommend this DLC to anyone who wants more things to manage in the game. I walked into this DLC thinking it'd be mediocre, and I've found it to be amazing. The sports programs are an awesomely welcome addition to the game. 10/10, would buy again.
Never let people who play game's be in charge of a campus
Those Campus buildings are too old school, not suitable for all cities.
I wonder if I did not manage to find it or not... Did the new version just delete letting players to set traffic lights manually? You may be too confident about your AI, mate... _______  My fault, it is a mod which I think in the vanilla game God DLC, just the university is too big, compared to other buildings
Summary:   + Similarly to Industries DLC, it greatly expands and improves on existing features in-game, this time in the education system.  + If you wanted to have a big specialized university in your city, now you can.  + Assets look absolutely beautiful (well done artists!).  + Free update that comes with Campus is enough if you don't have money to buy this DLC, as it adds great improvement to how education works and the policty Industry 4.0 which solves end-game problems with (un)employment in the industry.  - brings more micromanagement that might get overwhelming if you have industries and parklife too.   Long story: At first I wasn't really that happy or interested Colossal is releasing yet another Parklife-based DLC. It's really based on the exact same system - you paint a district area, put a main building in that defines the type and then put auxiliary buildings in that increase some stats for leveling it up. There's already a LOT of micromanagement in Industries which works the same, so you might find yourself spending more time designing all your different specialized districts like university or that oil industry rather than actually building your city.   I got sold by the Academic works and by the bonuses the universities bring to your city. I saw some videos how the universities can look like and I really wanted to have a big campus area in my city too, farting out as many academic works as possible. I also appreciated I can choose whether I'll go by the American system and request unholy tuiton for the studies or go by Europe standards and offer it for free.   It's a really nice addition in the end, but honestly I kinda hope it's the last. The micromanagement is fun until it's too much.
I woke up early to make sure I was up during launch and it was totally worth it! The new campus options bring a lot more depth to your city and gives your education system a whole new makeover for the better! Having the new Industries 4.0 policy is a life saver if you want to have high educated citizens without killing your industrial zones.
Dev did a great job showcasing and demonstrating the content in this expansion. Check out the youtube series if you want to see before you buy! Awesome work.
So far I like it.. can't give any details about the mechanics or how it affects the sims but... it looks good and it's so cool you can create a university with all these buildings around it. It gives the city that extra dimension, like the parks, and zoo, and amusement park.
Brilliant addition to the game. Highly recommend it to anyone
A big update for educational system with plenty of new additions to the base game. Love it.
So far very fun was waiting for a pack to expand on the schooling and it was worth the wait, its like industries but with a bit more too it so if you liked that pack get this one.
CHIRPER SHOULD NOT HAVE A MOUSTACHE UNDERNEATH HIS BEAK, GOOD GOD YOU ABSOLUTE MADMEN I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU DID IT  HIS BEAK HAS A MOUTH ON IT, IT'S A BIRD  THAT MEANS HIS MOUSTACHE IS UNDER HIS MOUTH, WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?!   edit: I changed it to a thumbs up because I felt dirty after Azure commented. I'm sorry Chirper. RIP all the ratings on this review.
havent played yet
First
Bought this before modders REV0, AQUILA, OR GiometryE. Worth price tag.
It is confirmed, Paradox hates us students when they released this in the middle of exsams seasons.  Grade A for effort
Great DLC so far!!! Recommend it for people who will take the time to build with this great pack
Short, but very well made. The only small annoyance I encountered was that when trying to press the in-game index finger on the wristwatch, my Vive controller "halo" hits the other Vive controller, so I had to hold them in an awkward way to make that work.
This game looks great, had a nice tension about it and the puzzles were of the "I'll use a hint" followed by "I could have worked this out" variety.  I'd buy a full game of this is the Devs enhanced the environment physics, ie a chain hanging from the roof that your hand just passes through rather than starts swinging doesn't really cut it anymore in VR. And the frustration of the watch mechanic not working because it's misaligned with your actual wrist is infuriating.  These are points that are probably being fixed, and if they are this opening level was sufficiently impressive to make me intruiged about a full version with more locations and an evolving story.
It's cool, but too short at this point. I finished it in 10 min and 4 min of it was just looking around becouse the graphic and the atmosphere is really good. :)
yes when i went to play the hands were not there i hope they fix it the hands were in one place not able to move but i think the game will be alsome if you can move and play but looks great
An Escape Room title with slick detailed graphics, in a scene reminiscent of the movie Se7en.  You are a cop held captive by a serial killer and obviously, you've gotta get outta there!  It's atmospheric and unsettling!  All the puzzles made sense, bar one for me and I can't say which and spoil it, but I think you'll know when you get there.  I'm no brainiac but I made it out in 30mins and could've done better had I found something in the dark sooner - that's not a spoiler - it's DARK in there.  Mechanically, you use teleport which is fine, and telekinesis to grab things which can go a little awry as unwanted objects snap to your hands.  There are clues on a watch you wear if you get stuck and when asked to tap the watch I could only reach it on the underside of my wrist - apart from that it works.  All in all, it freaked me out, but the puzzles although logical, were a bit too easy.
Seems pretty good so far
Side scrolling game where you get to shoot Trump with revolvers... Need I say more?
THANK YOU SIR
I slapped an ass for over an hour and got PAST rank one, I am now negative rank. It is glorious
What more from a game can you want. This is the peak of not just gaming but humanity.
Fuck You!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLYopDk3FJw
Groundbreaking visuals, majestic sound, gallant design; and gayer than ever. ∞/10
rank -15, good times
ok, this is epic guys
Best game ever...
I beat Hitler's ass and it was amazing. 10/10
Honestly revolutionary. this game has changed my outlook on speedrunning as a whole. i could give a whole powerpoint on this game's rich skill tree and nearly impossible to reach skillceiling but itd be just saying what has already been done over 1000 times. This game excels in its genre at delivering a truly refreshing breath of air to the player, and i am closely following the development of the sequel.  10/10
Totally didn't play for 24 hours...
YES SIR
10/10 my pants went off, gachi music started playing and Van fulfilled my dark deep phantasies
10/10 would slap that ass
You spank Ricardo and Hitler  10/10
I swear these were afk hours, I promise. :)
Best game ever! 10/10 
*cums*
it's very good.
♂ Being German, the Dicktator lines do not sound as manly as the rest ♂
SLEEP TIGHT Aniki.......  this game will made u sleep well....  ;-;
number 2 beside my pee pee
This game deserves a GOTY edition
 ♂ AAAH THAT'S GOOD ♂  THANK YOU SIR ♂
Gachibass
Idk what this white stuff is but it be kinda tasty tho :P
♂ Stick your finger in my ass ♂
Very good game, but please make achievements work in the showcase ty <3 7/10 cuz its a fucking clicker game. But concept is good.
After 6000 or so levels, you start to question your sexuality
One of the best buys on Steam.
Best game ever!
Best game ever. Such masterpiece! 5/5
HYPERGACHIBASS Worth for the price it is, tho the achievements don't count nor do they show on your profile so had to refund for that reason. Tho i got bored and just got all the achievements with and auto-clicker anyway.
More people need to buy the game.  The achievements can't be featured on your profile yet which is why I bought the game.  Oh well.
my dick dry
After playing this game for 10 minutes I lost my pants and there's white stuff all over my desk...
Masterpiece, that's all I need to say about this game.
An very nice game.  [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HX-NwQYFFA4]10 Ricardos / 10[/url]
I am no longer heterosexual.   Okay, I am back and I have cured my sexuality
PLAY ME https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOJ7H6gh8Jo&has_verified=1
i hope this game gets more content i got addicted making to rank 1 gachibass for life!!!!
rip aniki
A very great game so far, i would compare it to a better version of cookie clicker.  Its a really intriguing game that really pull you in and you can disappear for hours on end! The story of the game is so well done and with alot of plot twist that always keeps the player interested.  Looking forward for updates since some of the mechanics are under development!  10/10 would recommend to everyone. Billy herrington is a friend of every man who seeks the future of love and peace!
I bought this game to my friend.... Now he isn't my friend... :)
This game made me more gay then ever. Thanks Ricardo!  420/69 would rate again
This game made me super gay  Ricardo Milos <3 10/10
♂THANK♂YOU♂SIR♂  I cannot wait for this game to be expanded in terms of items. I'm going to be asking for 6 hot loads on my DI hat.
Game of the Year 2018 10/10 - [i]IGN probably[/i]
ricardoFlick
♂
just paid for porn
Fucking Fantastic.
Ass slapping action with a soundtrack to rival the best of the best. THANK ♂ YOU ♂ SIR
One of the best games I've ever played in my life, everyone should play this game.
♂♂♂
I'm waiting for new updates and content to unlock GachiGasm
Every Gaymer should have played that game 69/10!  ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUpANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI HandsUp ANIKI  RIP Billy PepeHands
i slapped hitlers ass with a baguette  great experience overall, better ingredients, better pizza, Papa John
This game cured me of the gay
Sold some cards for this on sale.  Standard clicker experience, you click, you buy auto clickers, you let it run while you do something else.
no homo
I♂FEEL♂UNCLEAN♂
I lost my virginity while playing this game, it's a funny story really.. i had just finished my gym workout and i was in the locker room all sweaty, and in walks this leather dressed jabroni.. he seemed confused as to where he was.. i told him he might have gotten the wrong door, then he got very rude and said "fuck you", then i said "nah fuck you leatherman" and then it escalated from there﻿
MIND=BLOWN  17 hrs into the game and I transcended this physical plane of existence and became one with the void.
Wake up Aniki
This game is pretty sick
> be me > bored > scrolling through steam store on a lonely night > sees game > sees price tag > "let's check out the achievements" > bought game to get achievements of Billy > gets achievements > time to put the achievement on achievement showcase > realise steam is still reviewing the game and I can't put on the achievement showcase > ...now waiting for it to get out of review  11/10 worth it, fun for the whole family
Best clicker game so far
Better than other clicking shit games gachiHYPER
The game is kinda fun, there no much objectives beside slap moaning boys asses, which becomes uncanny after some minutes. Kinda game you need to have in your library to play with friends while drunk (so risky) or if you want annoy your Westboro Baptist Church neighbor.   I would play more if wasn't ruin my masculinity, mouse switch and index finger tendons.
DEEP ♂ DARK ♂ FANTASIES ♂
NICEEEEEE <3
gachiBASS
got rank -69 in 39 minutes, would call this a successful day of a dungeon  master
The game that EVERY REAL MAN has to play! 69/10  R.I.P. ANIKI PepeHands
A game from your♂ DEEP ♂ DARK ♂ FANTASIES ♂  Great game.
topkek
what the hell am i doing indeed
sometimes, i click so hard, i ♂RIP♂THE♂SKIN♂
ost DLC plz?
A quick fix for the fickle. Just get an auto clicker. This game is really good for profile art.
yes
fuck you, leatherhead
Yes.
99 cents of pure gold. heres my gameplay https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZPKlgmZvxw
THANK♂YOU♂SIR♂
Good game. Slap ass.
HOHOHOHO thank you sir！
The deepest, darkest clicker. Fuck you.  Quick Look: https://youtu.be/qAOzmzSLMc8
OH♂HO♂HO♂HO♂HO GANGIN' UP
Best fisting game ever.  Just spend  a 300$
10/10 worth the purchase
1000/10 Went very deep and would do it again. Probably
♂ Deep ♂ Dark ♂ Fantasies ♂
pretty good
gachiBASS Clap YES SIR
who tf needs RDR2 anyway
This game is in one word: WOW. Everything i expected of it and more. 8/8 would recommend to my friends.
Good game, lash of the spanking. Now we just need trading cards and background that are from the game. I would like the spooky one.
Do you gachi bruh?  It's a cookie clicker btw, nuff time wasted to write review, time to gachi
I love this game more than I love myself.
This game likes to crash after you have become to powerful. The anime girls look great though!
yes
Masterpiece
I got to rank 4000~ and my game started crashing every few clicks because my PC couldn't handle the numbers anymore  I'm sorry Aniki, I did my best
Great game, you get what you pay for. I did it for Aniki, you should too.
GAY♂POWER
gachiBASS Clap
My fellow brothers, I, RestlessRon, stand here today, humbled by the task before us, mindful of the sacrifices borne by our Gachi ancestors.  We are in the midst of a crisis. Gachi Heroes is at war against a far-reaching storm of disturbance and deletion. The Gachi economy is badly weakened: a consequence of carelessness and irresponsibility on the part of acknowledgement, but also on the collective failure to make hard choices and to prepare for a new, MAD age.  Today, I say to you, that the challenges are real, and they are many. They will not be easily met, or in a short span of time, but know this, Gachi Heroes: they will be met. In reaffirming the greatness of this game, we understand that greatness is never given, our journey has never been one of shortcuts. It has not been for the faint-hearted, or who seek the fleshly pleasures. Rather, it has been the risk-takers, the wasted genii, the creators of MAD things. For us, they toiled in sweatshops, endured the lash of the spanking. Time and again, these men struggled, and sacrificed, so that we might ... LIVE BETTER.  We remain the most powerful site on the Internet, our minds no less inventive, and services no less needed than they were last week, or yesterday, or the day before the day after tomorrow. Starting today, we must pull up our pants, dust ourselves off, and begin again the work of remaking the Gachi industry.  Now, there are some who question the scale of our ambitions, who suggest our server system cannot tolerate too many movies. Their memories are short, for they have forgotten what Gachi already has done, what free men can achieve when imagination is joined to common purpose.  And so, to all the people who are reading this review, from the grandest cities, to the small villages where IKZO was born, know that Gachi is a friend to every man who seeks a future of love and peace. Now we will begin, to responsibly leave authorized common materials to Gachi people, and forge a hard-earned peace in this MAD world.  What is required of us now is a new era of responsibility. This is the price, and the promise, of Gachi citizenship. Gachi Heroes, in the face of common dangers, in this winter of our hardship, let us remember these timeless words: ASS, WE CAN.  Let it be said by our children's children, that when we were tested by DOS attacks, when we were refused by YouTube, that we did not turn back, nor did we falter, and we carried forth that great gift of freedom be delivered, and safely to future generations.  Thank you. God bless, and God bless Gachi Heroes.
This is the gold standard of video games, this game has an amazing story, gameplay that'll keep you hooked, fun progression, plenty of options and stuff to do. This games is a must play, play this now!
Buy this for Aniki he is funny and friendly person even i never seen him irl but watch on some event on Japan and interview he is really nice guy.
IM TAKING THAT ASS
Do it for aniki   G♂ TY
This game is in one word: WOW. Everything i expected of it and more. 8/8 would recommend to my friends.
10/10
Just lube it up and you're good to go
This game could be so much more than it actually is right now. I just wish for more achievements, more diversity in rewards for clicking in higher levels. I would've gladly paid more money if there was more to do then just get achievements and see a rank that doesn't do much but count down the more you click. Props to the developer for giving out quality gachi in form of a game.   It's worth buying at asking price.
i'm doing this for aniki
yes.
so yes, the game is great and all but when you move the camera i get down to low fps lag (when i move the kamera wile running) and i played this game with a high end gaming pc (a good pc).
Can't play it because it says the Graphics card needs to be bigger and I need 4GB worth of space for it. I have my SD card in it to play the game to which is 10GB. Do I have to play it on those giant computers with the tower?
Good game, has lots of potential, cant wait to see more content and features added in the future!
ENG:  Furries is better that animes <3 Yiffing is better that hentai xD  Furry is a holy life & life style & not just surface & this not gonna never change...  And that is bascily everting about that you need to know about furries or this a game. XD  Every furries love this a game! XD   FIN:  Eläimet ovat parempia kuin anime <3 Yiff on parempaa kuin hentai XD  Furry elämäntapa ja koko elämä ja eikä se ole vain pelkää pintaa ja tämä ei tule koskaan muuttumaan...  Ja tämä on kaikki mitä sinun tarvitsee tietää furrystä tai tästä pelistä. XD  Kaikki furry rakastavat vähintään tätä peliä! XD
Disclaimer: I thought my computer specs were sufficient to run this, but sadly, my graphics card fell short of the requirements after all. So I am unable to "journey onward" to pursue actual adventures for the present. I can't give an accurate review of the game *as it's intended to be experienced.*  I can say that the Showroom (and creating an endless variety of characters to toss at each other in it) is an alright place to be stuck, despite the texture fail my machine produces instead of any kind of "sky" background. At present, that can't be helped, not that it's stopping me from getting what worth I can out of the investment!  I do wish that there was a way to save "favorite" viewing angles for each position since panning around can be a little wonky, or even a button to "freeze" the angle when setting the Scene so as not to accidentally bork up a perfect view. Or a way to set the Showroom to cycle through animations, maybe pseudo-randomly or in a user-determined order.  I kinda hope these things are on the "future update" list somewhere, even if they're not a priority by a LONG shot, because I imagine I'll still be loving the Showroom long after I get a new machine and finally run through the "real" gameplay. ;)
pls add more positions and orgies.btw loved the game
A big swingin dingus or some big squishy baps...It's up to you!  Go to the showroom and smash your beef to a bunch of furry people makin whoopie in a bunch of different sex positions!  TBH there's literally [b]NO[/b] justifiable reason I spent [u]$30 dollars[/u] on this porno cause it's definitely [b]NOT[/b] an early access game; let alone a demo...  [spoiler]This "game" just exists for you to embarrass yourself in front of your friends when they see it in their activity feed...and that you spent $30 dollars on it...[/spoiler]
The game has quite the potential, character customization is not as good as Feks Rack 2. It is improving going by the year old build on itch.io. The island is nice to explore and does take quite the time to get to places. Hunting at night with good headphones can actually be quite scary when you hear footsteps behind you. The NavMesh map (or what ever the developers are using for the AI to get to places) is quite buggy. Had a capture walk under water towards the docks. And sometimes they get stuck on nothing. The game runs like an obese person at a marathon on anything higher than medium with a NVidia GeForce GTX 970 and an i5-6400. The worst part being that their is no option menu to change the settings. I hope they get that implemented, option filled, and disable the Unity Start Window (I always found that window to be annoying). The game is probably around $15-20. No were near the asking price of $30! Should you buy it? Well, if the majority of the list applies to you, do. [list]     [*]Money to burn.     [*]Want to fund a potentially great game.     [*]Interested in seeing where this is going.     [*]Don't mind buying unfinished games.     [*]Don't mind dealing with the potential of the game being abandoned. [/list]
game was good, i bought it to try it out and ended up returning it, but when the game develops more and im more sure it'll actually release i will DEF. consider again, all being said it is an early access game so i give it a good review
10/10 hope this game gets worked on more and dosent end like most early access games.do. but got to say for the cost mostly worth it the game has alot of potential so i hope it gets there.
This game is definitely interesting and has potential.  I'll admit I expected more of a game, but this is more of a working playable proof of concept.  Hunt and Snare has potential since there really aren't any other adult furry games like this.  I can't wait to see how the game improves and updates in the future, there are a number of things I hope get added soon.  Here's what I think the game needs at the moment.  First is an RGB style color setter.  The current color sliders are okay but being able to set exact numbers for the right amount of red, blue, and, green will help get those exact colors you want and would help people who tend to be OCD like me.  Some numbers added to the other sliders would help too.  Second there needs to be a way to reset progress on a custom character.  Currently the only way to do that is to delete the entire character and recreate it from scratch.  Having an option to delete JUST the progress will make it easier to start over if you mess up bad somewhere.  Also being able to edit a custom character later on would be really helpfull if you change your mind about it's looks.  Third all the fun poses out in the wild outside the town are very hard to find unless you're practically right on top of them, they need some kind of natural looking marker like the patches of red flowers or a tree or a rock or something to find them more easily.  Finally the last thing this game needs is an open workshop so people can modify the game and share mods for other people to enjoy    Anything else I can suggest like adding more species, or adding more NPCs either in the town or in the wild is just going to get added in the future anyway.  I can't wait to see this game grow, not just for the game play but for the story as well.  I actually like story mixed with smut sometime and the idea of some people being wild unless they're "cured" seems like a REALLY interesting world building idea.  This game is only going to get better.
This game has a strong start, pretty big map and a awesome character builder, really memorable NPCs i mean there are only about 7 that you can interact with but they are really well done i greatly enjoy this game and really hope that it continues to grow i really want to see this game develop into a fun RPG that i sink many hours in to it. so far the one problem i have found is the not yet added quest and other things to do most the time i play this game i do find that after w little while i run out of activities to do but i still have a lot of fun exploring the map and capturing a unique variety of pray some times it hard to find different fur and color patterns to the pray but that the most fun i have in this game as of right now. in short  PROS: 1.) big map 2.) good character builder (i look foreword to what else they add to it) 3.) well done animations and body physics CONS: (it is an early access so these are bound to change same as the pros 1.) Lack of game given activities 2.) nothing to buy in shops yet  3.) You have to make you own fun  But overall i do really enjoy the game and cant wait to see how it grows and if you have the extra money and a decent computer i would recommend investing in the game because you never know if the price will chance with what gets added :}
It's like Second Life furry yiff but without obnoxious people who make you understand why they are (and will remain) single. (BTW Devs, some characters could have sheaths.)
my pee pee hurts
The good, the bad, and the Ugly.   Good: H&S has a lot going for it for an adult game. It’s the first AO Furry game I’ve seen in 3D with a fantastic sona creation tool. It felt like I really had my character in the game. The game play is pretty simple so far, the sex  scenes are limited, but are fun, and the world is surprisingly detailed.   Bad: The world is pretty empty, the spawn rates are too low. Other then a few scenes you can’t currently do anything with your prey. I understand that the patreon version has more content, but for $30 Steam players should have everything as well.  It’s would be awesome to have some orgies too.   The Ugly: the M/M POV is nightmare fuel from the clipping. Most of the NPCs look identical, and frankly ugly at times.   Overall I think this game has a lot of potential. I enjoyed it, and I’m looking forward to seeing more variety in the future. I’d love to see more poses, even simple ones like switching from being the top to the bottom with your prey. A community of downloadable characters, and body part upgrades for purchase in game. At this point I give it a 6.5/10
Purfect, can't wait to see future updates!
First. I would like to point out that this is an Early Access game. With a small dev team. That being said. This game is amazing. Its features at current are barebones, but that is because the dev team is commitited to quality over quanity. They are very open when approached with questions. (You can visit their website to gain access to the discord where most of the communication takes place besides the patreon page.) As an early access game. I give this game 8/10. The potential is limitless and thier roadmap is well placed and easy to understand while providing a clear path to their desired end goal. The updates are few and far between but as previously stated, they desire quality over quantity. No broken games due to rushed patches here. At current the price of the game is a little daunting when compared to the overall completion of the game. But this is a game i am more then willing to support. 10/10 would and have recommended to my friends. Keep on keeping on.
I only recommend this due to that it has potential. It is as of yet a game to me. Far too much is still missing from it.  Though I have seen the list of things to be added, and that list looks good to me. I do hope this game becomes more complete, and is not abandoned.  Among what is missing is a filled island to hunt in. Far too much of it is open lands with nothing in it. There is a little to hunt close to town, and far fewer further out.  I have one suggestion I wish to give for now, have those that run, find a new spot to stay. It is too easy to shoot them when they return.
I would not recommend pricing the game at such a high price... Don't get me wrong, but it would make more sense to price it at around $15 at it's current state. Would I recommend getting it though, yes, when it is finished. Despite it's price it is, so far, a good game. Although it is an early access game, it has infinite potential, and I would love to see it as a finished project. I have played through as much of each character's story as thoroughly as possible and can see it becoming a powerful and popular adult RPG.  If you are okay with a partially built game with bugs and the risk of not having a finished project in the end, but still is fine so far, would recommend getting it for yourself and help support the dev team.  I have a good feeling that the devs are organized, have a goal in mind, and they wish to leave a strong and lasting impression with the gaming community. This is the main reason why I already purchased the game in it's early access state. I have faith that they will pull through and finish this game.  BTW, this game has given me a whole new perspective on FPS games, LOL!
Yes. This.  "Play."  ...Please. 
You shoot animal people in the face, and then you fuck 'em. Interesting change of pace from most shooters, I gotta say.
i like it so fall wish i can save the game tho but as it is its good can be better with now thins to do and a story to it base on what you tell the 1st fur you see so i'm cant wait for more updates
should hurry and finish and make it multiplayer
[i]It's... Well; it's a furry sex game.[/i]  From what I've seen I'd describe the game as being a "Pre-alpha" proof of concept. But I'd atleast say, what is there is a good concept; [i]if you're looking for, or are intrested in a furry sex game...[/i] Though the devlopers suggest they want to offer more narritive and story; I'm excited to see this develop further.  For almost all games this early on, I'd recommend waiting for more development; because you should only buy what you see, not what's promised. This game is promising a lot, but the developers seem passonate about the project, and I'm willing to back this figuritive horse due in small part to the fact that the development team seems more intrested in making a game they want, rather than making a game that sells numbers.  Now, with that, I'm not going into this expecting a "finished" game any time soon, nor should you; I'm going into this hoping the team behind it contine to develop something they're passonate about, and that I can be a part of this project's devlopment.  [h1]So, should you buy it?[/h1]  That depends; Are you familier with supporting Early Access games, or backing games in early development cycels? Are you ready to deal with a game that isn't feature compleate, has bugs, core mechanics missing, and may or maynot ever be finished?  because that's where the game is, [b]it's an ideal; it's a risk, it's an investment in someone else's ideal.[/b]  I'm no stranger to tossing money at ideals and hoping they come to be; but if you're looking to spend your money on a feature compleate game, in a commercally finished state; and if you're not intrested in dealing with a game that will have bugs, possibly game wiping updates; this may not be for you; not yet.  If however, you're intrested in the concept being pitched, have the money to comfortably afford buying into a game this ealy in development, and are willing to take a risk on something that may change though devlopemnt or never be fully relized; and want to support the team, the concept, and the process, I'd recomend gettin in the door sooner rather than later.
Don't spend $30 expecting a game. What your spending your money on is a concept that may or may not be completely realized or even make it into a finish state. What is available here is a proof of concept of the basic mechanics you can expect in game and nothing more.   If you're alright with that and want to support what the dev's are touting in the 'About the Game' section, by all means spend your money. If you want a completed game now or in the near future, save your money and just follow the development.
My review can be regarded as the game's status--early access. My mac pro has trouble running it despite the minimum requirements. I've only accessed the character creation and the showroom thus far. But I'm impressed. The character creation is quite diverse (like the futa option/gender diversity) and what's offered thus far (positions, traits, customization, backgrounds [as far as showcase goes]) is wonderful. I intend to follow this games progress and, hopefully with a better OS, I can enjoy this game as it develops! Looking forward to sound effects/voice acting (dem lewd noises...) and the gameplay when I can access it. The ONLY suggestion I'd dare to make is camera control: honestly, when we're watching sex we're looking for the penetration. Watching figures hunch over one another moving back and forth is rather mechanic. If there were a better way to view that I think you'd be sitting on gold (with or without a puffy asshole depending on your preference).
Should you buy this game?  Sort: yes/no  Long: It has a lot of potential to be great. The scenery is nice, the town look great, and the people are fine. The game play is great. Do I love it? No, I only like it a little. I’ll invest the 30$ just to see where it goes.  Other than that, if you want to support the game. Go right ahead but do so under the thought that they won’t update the game (Not that I’m saying you won’t). Its saving me a lot of headache.
I have a hard time choosing wether or not to recommend Hunt and Snare. On one hand, it's a good open world hunting game with ungodly scenes sprinkled in, but on the other hand it's still an early access Unity game that doesn't run that well, as well as having small but annoying problems with the UI and controls.
while not a furry the game is not terrible and could use some polish and fixes to its buggy nature. personally I would like to see several changes and additions; more races ( which are supposedly in the works ) that also include other non furry options, some more focus on the fantasy RPG aspects such as skills and progression and story (while I have no issues at all with the adult nature of the game some more focus on adventure and character building would be great ( such as more NPC work, actual weapons combat, more skills and towns, and the concept hinted in dialog for opening up a brothel (or any business for that matter) greatly appealed to me, and possibly more things to hunt other than sexual partners.)) over all the game seems to have a decent foundation and hopefully look forward to more world building changes in the future as in my own opinion a game with adult themes should be immersive in more than just the sexual side of things.
Well, what can I say...  Owning this game increased my furry degeneracy level by 8.  Somehow... not really proud of owning this game... but who really cares? Bought it for shit n' giggles.  And I'm not that mad at all!   Mentionable things: - Huge map. Yet it's a little empty at the moment.  - has some neat and unique RPG potential.  - With only two species to choose at the moment you can still make some good custom characters. - Pretty decent animations! Have seen much worser.   - Textures look pretty nice. The game runs smoothly.   Of course it still needs lots of work to be done. But it's obviously an early access game.  Definetly looking forward for updates in the future.
This game is the ultimate fursona creator!  The character creator has a vast amount of options that lets you edit a huge amount of various things about your character. There is no game out there better to create a fursona with. Not only is the character creation brilliant you can try out your characters ingame in a vast world completely open for you to explore.  Character Creation - Currently 2 races to choose from (this WILL change) felines and canines - Colours for all sorts of body parts such as paw pads, nose, mouth and eyes are very easy to do and there are no restrictions as to which colours you can use. This includes fur pattern! - Sizing is easily adjustable for breasts, penis and vaginal parts however the sizing for breasts is a little limited - Overall body structure is easy and fun to manipulate but most characters have a more feminine body structure so a strong muscly wolf dude is not possible for you gay furs out there.  - Many fur patterns to choose from however no iconic ones such as tiger stripes, cheetah/leopard spots. (I want these NOW)  Gameplay - Huge map, but empty and very little to interact with, map seems generated and there is little to look at when exploring - You can hunt other furries in the wilderness and trap them and ensnare them, thus the name "hunt and snare" (Equip gun with q, this took me a long while to figure out) - Furs are captured by firing the gun which uses tranquilizer darts and contains 2 shots. Not much to it yet but more features definitely going to come soon. - Captured furs are more like partners as you can have sex with them in 4 different positions for each combination of sex be it male/female, male/male, female/female (I'm assuming interaction is also possible with transexual characters however I have not tried this yet) - Sex interactions feature many different camera angles, speeds of the intercourse, and a zoom function - Small amount of story, you can interact with some characters in the game and chat with them to learn about them and their stories. Also to have sex with them. Sex with story. - Walking/Running animations are beautifully done and jiggle bones just make the whole thing so much better. (Do not jump long distances or swim... this will haunt you) - Sound effects? Turn your volume off, you don't want to hear them. I really hope this changes ;~; - Game also features a censored version which I have not played. I'll leave that for someone else to cover. All I know is that this was implemented so that steam is happy, so I don't expect much.   Overall this game is definitely in early access but could easily become a very good game in time. This game has a very large amount of content ahead of it planned by it's developers and it WILL get much much better. Right now at the time of this review the game is in very early access.  Reason why you should buy it: There is so much fun to be had creating characters and using them ingame to explore. The game has a lot ahead of it and the price may be a little high, but it is money that will help develop the game and turn it into one of the best furry games out there for a long time.   Reason why you shouldn't buy it: You're underaged. <-- DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF THIS IS THE CASE, PLEASE!
What they have so far excites me. It is in early acess but I see the potential. My advice, get in on the ground floor, and hit them up on thier boards to tell them what YOU want in this game... as long as it fits in the scope, your honest and respect the rules on the board, you get responces... and they are listening.
Over all I am looking forward to future updates. As many have mentioned the game is fairly bare boned/minimum and you really don't have a lot of things you can do for now.    As is id rate it 7/10
I enjoyed the game so far it does feel like it take a long way to go around the area but it does look nice for a map but for now its a alright game for an early game development.  By the way to the other negative comments don`t judge a book by its cover its just common sense. It`s a early access game after all.
like others say, the game is pretty empty and bare bones atm, though it's early access and I'm excited for upcoming features described. Plus who doesn't wanna walk around an island as a but naked cat person?
cannot wait to watch this develop
If you love weird things. This is probably like nothing you have even thought about. so plus 1 for weird lol
Even though the game is very barebones right now in terms of content, the premise is awesome! The few NPCs I chatted with were super interesting, plus the character customization and sex options are way beyond what I was expecting. Kudos to that! The game needs a bit of polishing in the technical aspect right away, though , since it froze my PC when I exited to the game's main menu, and I had to reset my rig. Despite of that, I will stick around with the project to see where this goes! To every furry who is interested in this game, I recomend you try it. Maybe it will surprise you too!
The game has a lot of potential, it's still in early access and fairly bare bones but if you want to support the devs go ahead and buy it. Looking at the developement of this game they have done a lot of work so far and I'm looking forward to seeing this game fully released.
Is good, despite still needing to be worked on, and there should be a better method of transportation other than walking/running. Running a pretty decent/powerful setup here in this day of age in technology, the game can after awhile start to use up a LOT of CPU, which would be better if that could somehow be brought down.  Details in the game are great, although not everything has them.  Can't wait to see this game keep progressing further.
My name is Yiff.            Needs more stuff to be added but it has promise.
This revew is for an adult product  of  a sexual nature as such the revew content is of an adult nature which talks about sexual topics . If you are uncomfortible with sexual topics  or   if you or your parents feell that  you are " to young to know such things "  then dont read this revew .    There really is not much here The biggest problem I have with this game is the price point  I could have purchased  the phantom pain  or several other  games with more content for less than the price of this thing . however I have taken an unusual step for this game and have marked this review as positive in an effort to support the developers. as i can see some  work was done here but that price point is going to kill them If they don't start adding  more content etc   also  the games  store page says and i qoute " Explore the beautiful archipelago of Skiir; Sail its open seas, "  there is no sailing of any sort I am guessing that they plan to add that later along with other islands ect . but at this time there are no seas to sail  you can however swim if   you acedentally walk off the dock you just cant seem to get out of the water again.        There is one sex scene that has sound and at least for me all other sex scenes where looping silent animations .  without any form of ejaculation what is usually referred to in porn as the money shot .  being shown .  The thing loaded slowly for me I suspect this is due to  my computers memory etc. I tired the free version on their patreon before buying the paid version .  It is pretty much the same thing .       to sum up  one sex scene  that i found with local  transsexual  character  female character with penis       run up the hill  use tranquilizer gun to shoot  male and female characters  in showroom portion of game get looping sex  animations  that are silent with both male and female characters .       what this game needs  1  decent voice acting   voice actors not just your friends                           2 someone who has some computer knowledge to modify it or create a version of it for systems that have less memory etc                            3 at the ability to purchase items                               example went to the bar in the game asked the bartender for a beverage no sorry the ship is not here yet                               went to the gunsmith to get better weapons etc sorry ship is not here yet                           4 some social interactions that are none sexual in nature yes i know this is supposed to be a porn game but I found the kiss between the two girls in before the storm to be much hotter than this and the hottest sex scene in this game is the  one with the transsexual  not Olney because it has sound but there is some basic communication for example she ask your character if you want her to go harder etc.
!!!!Warnin Early Access - Game!!!!   if you want a Full game yet than dont buy it now.  its an Early alpha and need to grow to his full potential.  if you want to support and wait for the full game then buy it and give feedback to the game.  thats the use of early acces. only for the people that dont understand this System. 
the game and concept themselves are awesome and dont even get me started on graphic and resolotions which btw are the most beatiful i have ever seen in a game.but there are a few things that poke out whuich you probably already know about but me and my terriable spelling are gon tell ya anyway,the water sounds are just.....interesting(repeativly loud and way to much splashing which you shoud'nt do when swimming in my opinon)some animations are off place when races are different yadda yadda yadda stuff probaly already knew.one thing the should be added soon though  a way on to the "unamed and a ladder up in the dock.(so you dont have skyrim moutain climb) other than that this game is GREAT im looking forward to more updates,events,race(perferably the dragons)etc.GREAT JOB ON THE GAME AND KEEP IT UP ~LOVE DRAKOS <3
So far This game is looking good! Don't expect too much right now there is not too much to do so far other than hunt and interact with a small bit of the story. The author has mentioned a basic direction where hes planning on going with this game and it sounds like its will be allot of fun! not to mention there is tons of potential for this game. Ive been enjoying it so far!
While there is little in the way of game features at the moment (no inventory or wealth, inability to use your ship), the character creator hints at a varriaty of neat things to come, such as trading and crew management.  A promising start for an early access game.  
As of right now there is not alot of content. However the graphics are pretty good and it runs quite smooth. once the add the content they are planning i see this being a very fun game.   Buy it now if you want to ensure it grows to its potential.
Promising. Hopefully more comes of this game soon.
hmmmm...... Very Interesting........ Very Juicy............. very Nice..........  BUT HOW THE FUCK DO I GET ON MY SHIP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i atualy dont recomend getting this game in its curent state unless you want to suport the devs.  The game curantly has a small amount of content but the quality is there and i want more of it as i can see the the games potential.  Ultimatly tho i have to judge the game in its curent state and giveing the devs a thumbs down for something of this high quality would not be fair as there is clearly a lot of hard work and care in this and as soon as this is finsihed or mebe after a few updates it will almost def be worth its price at the moment tho its too expensive for what is curently in the game.
10/10 Hunting furries and raping them.
it's nice butt it is too expensive for what it is at the moment.  A detailed review will come soon
a fun and promissing furry game!  currently the game is early into production and there's not a ton of content, but the main reason you should buy this game as it is now is to support future development. the game has a free version updated very often on the teams patreon, which is the exact same as the paid for game, but it's an update or two behind (updates are very frequent).  the dev team is really sweet and kind, they have a discord you can join if you have issues with the game and need support, they're very friendly there.  go check out their patreon @ https // www patreon com / rufflenecks and check out the public build, then buy the game if you want to support future development!
This is a simple charming game about puzzles and exploration, based on a spatial orientation mechanic. It is presented with no words, which is a blessing for the aesthetics but a curse for the sometimes complicated ideas the game tries to convey. It is easy to accidentally solve puzzles and cross one-way barriers, which can be disorienting and a little irritating, but it's a necessary consequence of the game's mechanics.  I was able to complete every puzzle and find every secret in one 3-hour sitting, and I don't expect to play it again.
Amazing game, found it accidentally and really enjoyed it. The art and colors really pop and are quite different from everything else. The music is also super fitting, playful and simple. It reminds me of Fez with the way you manipulate dimensions. The secrets are also super clever and creative, simple enough to figure out but some are also very complex (especially the spooky parts). Transitions are super smooth, and I always love showing my high friends how much of a mindfuck this game can be.   Actual 10/10. It made me so happy to play and even happier that I got all the achievements. 
Simple puzzle game with some breathtaking visuals and a cool soundtrack. Definitely Recommend this game.
Fun little puzzle game with pretty great design. A little frustrating to navigate around the pieces sometimes but overall I really enjoyed immersing myself in it for the time I played it. Would recommend if you like interesting mechanics in a puzzle game.
Typical (in a good way) psychedelic puzzle-game. The Vignettes encourages you to make such decisions that you could come to with an altered state of consciousness.
Simply brillant and mindbending, every now and then: perfect!
What a cute and refreshing game! I loved exploring all the different zones, trying to solve puzzles or simply navigating from an object to another. So far it doesn’t look like a very long game, but it’s full of surprises and secrets, and has way more depth that just the objects trick. The music is really awesome too.
Played this game while high, -Amazing Colors -Amazing Soundtrack -Challenging Puzzles That Give You New Perspective Final: 9/10
What I've played of this game so far is nothing short of amazing. They've managed to take an ordinary, mundane task (rotating common objects) and turned it into an excellent puzzle game. You honestly are almost never sure what the object is going to transform into as you twist it around in different ways and watch with amazement at what comes out the other side. Turning a telephone into a TV or a following a hidden path on the wall with a flashlight will surprise and delight any fans of the puzzle genre.   There's not much more to say here - if you've seen the screenshots or the trailers and you think you might be interested, I'd go ahead and pick this one up. This is a definite recommend from me. I've played a lot of really good puzzle games and this one is right up there near the top for me.  I've started a series for this game on Youtube, if you are still on the fence and want to see the game in action before you decide, go ahead and check out my video and decide for yourselves if it's something you might be interested in.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=781Hu6-vV-g
A very fun little puzzle game, a little bit buggy but overall great.
One of the only phone games I've ever truly enjoyed; its a fun, puzzle-lite toybox of surprises
I love Guacamelee. And I hate DLC that can easily be a part of initial release. Well, at least it's better than the first one. Almost same price and you get either 3 costumes or 15 challenges and 7 costumes. Still, it was fun. Some of the challenges are really tough, some are pretty easy. But they are nowhere near as hard as Hell from the first game or key challenges from main game. I haven't touch the game since september, bought DLC yesterday and beat it in a couple of hours. Buy it if you want to support the developers.
As a huge fan of Guacamelee, I bought this on the first day of it's release. I had a blast doing the Hell challenges in the first, and it's quite similar; except the challenges are even more hard than before.  Guacamelee 2 is harder than the first, and those challenges are harder than most of Guacamelee 2. It took me a little more than 2 hours getting gold medals everywhere and finishing the DLC (plus the achievements) and at this price, you can't go wrong if you want more of Guacamelee.  Maybe only one level felt cheap for me (saving the green skeleton, third round...) but all of those challenges are completely void of randomness, or unfairness. You really need to master all the mechanics of the whole game to win this... Except the egg mechanic.
I just had to buy this.
The game might not work correctly, but it's quite fun to played after all. Not only that, I got it for only 12% of it's true price!
Very beautiful and funny game with lots of (different) levels! For the price that is really worth it!
Very nice and original game.  A lot of fun.   Quite difficult at some points but still very challenging .   Enjoy!
Very early in development, so it's lacking in a lot of departments. That said, the core gameplay is tight and with some time most of the problems will be fixed and most missing features will be implemented. Also, the dev seems pretty engaged with the community and is very active, at least on discord, while posting constant updates about the development timeline. Overall, at it's current state it's a very 'rough' game with a good core that only shows signs of improving.
Its fun, but lacks a lot of stuff. It is in early acces tho.
world record of 20 mins
Mmmh.
I couldn't care less about the tile puzzles themselves, but the artstyle is so good. Stylish, cute and original(and not just copied from an imageboard like many others), for a buck...I'd say I got my money's worth.
I love and hate this game it really makes you think and work for it but its worth it in the end you will feel like a glowing brain genius when you complete one thats just me its a dollar its worth it
Well, first the bad things out of the way. The gameplay can become infuriating because of the turn limits. It's a simple puzzle game but because it has turn limits it devolves very quickly into a cycle of trying again if you mess up one move. I'm thinking it would be considerably less irritating if you had scores similar to something like Angry Birds, with the more steps you take the less stars you receive, getting rewarded based on how many stars you collect in total.  The sound is really annoying too, I highly recommend muting the game because it is really repetitive.  Only other complaint is that the winter level makes it difficult to see which squares are flipped or not.  Now, the good stuff is that it is cute. [b]REALLY cute.[/b] I like the girl designs. Visually pretty well done and simple.   For what it costs and what it provides I think it's pretty decent! I have seen worse offerings for stuff 5 times the price.
Simple game. Use brain, not ween. But maybe a little ween? The choice is yours.
this game made me cry. it was so good. please download it, it's just so epic. whats the best design for a enchating table? whats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating tablewhats the best design for a enchating table
Thunder Kid is a tightly executed bullet hell in a style that fuses NES era style with low poly 3D. Controls are extremely simple - D-Pad controls the titular hero in a behind-the-back 3rd person shooter (think the base invasion stages in Contra, or Space Harrier). One button for Jump, one for Shoot forward, that's it. Gameplay is based on figuring out enemy timing and patterns. By dodging, and selectively eliminating enemies, the goal is simply to make it to the end of each level. Each area is ruled by a boss that ups the ante for bullet and beam pattern recognition.   There are no powerups or additional mechanics other than the occasional single HP restoration crystal dropped by blasted enemies.  A steady progression of increasingly complicated enemy patterns and clever level design means you'll never even miss powerups. Progressive levels become ever more difficult but never truly unfair.   No unlocks or grinding here - Thunder Kid focuses on pure player skill at dodging, jumping and shooting. I'll be honest, there were bonus coins to collect *but I never figured out what they did*. There was no need to. Thunder Kid gives you all the tools to succeed. Your weapon is constant. Your speed is fast as fucking lightning. Play this with a gamepad.   The only thing lacking about Thunder Kid is its length - I beat it in just over 2 hours and only got stuck in a handful of difficult rooms. This is TK's only disappointment: because the gameplay is so tight and it's over quickly, you're left wanting more. I can certainly see how this would be a speedrunner's delight.  If you're looking for a short and blessed experience blasting some blocky robots into oblivion, Thunder Kid will do it for ya.
I love the way this game looks! It's amazing. It's rock hard and unforgiving though too.
TL;DR: Fast Paced Old School Fun at a Great Price  A lot of people here seem to compare Thunder Kid to Mega Man, but I’d argue it’s a lot more like the “base” stages from the first Contra mashed with the platforming of the early Crash Bandicoot games. At first, I was a little worried as the enemies start off really easy to avoid but thankfully by the last stages you’ll be narrowly jumping between moving platforms all while dodging homing missiles. However, if that still isn’t enough challenge for you, there are golden coins scattered throughout the levels that really take some skill and risk to reach, and they even have an associated achievement. Thunder Kid also features some really enjoyable bosses with satisfying patterns that were rewarding to learn and overcome. Although, I’d personally argue that the world six boss is a bit of a steep learning curve, the final two bosses are really awesome fights. It’s definitely worth the eight-dollar price tag, and I’ll definitely be looking into the other Renegade Sector games.
While it lacks a bit of overall polish, it's a pretty fun adaptation of the run and gun genre into 3D with a very charming style
Thunder Kid is like a 3D Mega Man game in an alternate universe where Mega Man Legends never happened and the Sega Saturn won the console wars. Responsive controls and crisp, bright low-poly/pixel art visuals at a smooth framerate, with the sole exception of the final boss, which goes all in on the bullet hell elements teased in prior levels.
"Mega Man meets Crash Bandicoot". Hidden gem is right. This is a fun behind the back shooter platformer that takes you down corridors of baddies. The bad guys are mixed and matched to make each scenario unique and increasingly challenging. The bosses are spectacles and the secret coin in each level is a nice bonus. Highly recommend this game and other Renegade Sector games!
The game was worth the wait. The boses were really fun.
This game is a hidden gem. It brings me back to the n64 era 3D days. There was a ton of variation with interesting levels that felt well designed. I only wish there were powerups to make you shoot further or faster. I had a blast playing this :)
Had to stop myself to playing it.  Get pass the first level and it starts to show you what it has to offer.     I hope I get some more abilities.  I think I'll be finishing this one though (because I dont' finish most indie games).  
Basically like a 3D MegaMan? Which means 3 things. I love the look, I'm very bad at it, and I'm incapable of judging it's quality. Maybe like, if you like MegaMan, but wish it was 3D, you'd probably like this?
A fun little retro styled run and gun but in 3D. The game kinda had that old DOS era stank to it. Definitely a good way to kill some time and worth it's cheap price.
Really solid, clean, and fun arcade-action title with a lot of charm. After playing through the first couple of levels, this is already one of my favorite action games I've played this year. Well worth your time!
9/10. Calculus beyond syllabus level
I don't actually know how to explain this game yet. The game seems intentionally poorly made, which leads me to believe that it's got something secret lying under the surface. However, the game is not boring in the slightest. It takes advantage of modern internet culture to create an intresting and fun gameplay experience. The events are funny, the jokes are funny, and the gameplay and mechanics are solid. I would reccomend this game to anyone, and I would say that its worth at least five dollars.
Enjoyed the worldbuilding and liked it more that Affairs of the Court. It felt a little bit short and consequently the characters could have been better fleshed out, but overall, it was pleasant to read and see how your choices affect the outcomes. Also appreciated the literature references like Metamorphosis and Moloch.
Aside from some pacing issues, the story is very engaging and immersive(also romance is A plus). The saga setting is very believable and attractive too. Recommended.
Over all this game has many branching paths and its hard to tell where you will be going, BUT, with all the branches that just means you will have more of a reason to go back and re-play the game. I for one like the game, YES there is more dialog and less choices than most "Choice of" games, still it was a good first play though and I hope to figure out how to get a better ending. over all a 8/10.
Normally I would write a negative review because once  again there is a stat-system integrated into this book. I loathe these things and quite a few times they ruined my reading-experience. Doesn't happen anymore though because I started  editing my save-files and set everything to the max. However the worldbuilding the author does is just so good. Occult-Magic, steampunk-science, space-travel and all kinds of cool stuff got integrated into one big picture  without colliding with each other, which is in my  opinion no small feat. So I'm going to simply recommend this game before I change my mind and start writing about how utter garbage these skill-systems are.  Edit: the ending was pretty abrupt and not really that  good but the way to get there was nice.
I really enjoyed this game because of its gothic horror setting and how well written it was. However, I do agree with a previous reviewer AMWild that not enough time and attention was spent on the NPCs you encounter such that your relationships with them do not run very deep at all. Also I found some chapter transitions jarring. Just as I was settling in and getting immersed in the City, you're yanked away to encounter something really overblown (in my opinion). Maybe it's just my personal distaste for that particular story trope.  Anyway, this is one of the better Choice of Games titles. Go ahead, give it a whirl ;)
Befriended a bug-man, fed a vampire, and fought a god.  Excellent game.
I have to say this game got me hooked and had to replay it 2-3 times for get a real idea on how it works and this allowed me to enjoy the good parts (but also unfortunately feels the strict limits of the game). So with little spoilers as possible I will give you a brief exploit of what you will get from the prelude:  The story  The story begin like a classic horror novel: In a dark stormy night a mad female doctor (I still can't spell her name right but love her character) revive a corpse from her collection of human oddities (Congratulations, you're the lucky one =) after the classic: "It's Alive!!!" scene she made clear whoever killed you made a mess of your corpse (not choice here on what you got: severed arm replaced with a new one, classic frankenstein's monster rod in your neck and scars all over your face that make deadpool look like a model by comparison, only choice given to you here is what's your genre) obviously the story is set one year later after your death and aside the good looks you also got amnesia but succeed in putting enough together to remember a little of your past: That your parents died by a terrible plague, what was your previous occupation (This will determine your initial stats) and a name: Vincent this is your last Cousin and conveniently also the current heir of your family fortune. But as you are about to decide on what to do with your new life (VENGEANCE!!! *thunder*) the horror classics dictate the castle where you woke up is about to be stormed by a angry mob of drunken farmers who decided enough was enough and they are on the move to get rid of their mad neighbour, so here the first real choice of the game if you want to stick around and protect your Momma or go away undetected (either way this isn't the last time you see this lovely crazy character ;-).   Aside what's your choice you end up trying to reach your old city by foot and are stuck to travel only by night so your hideous face can't be seen and instigate another mob of superstitious farmers to try and kill the abomination (Starting a new life in the countryside is so hard) this way however you discover the limits of your new body: electricity seems to be the key stat here as you need to preserve it to stay alive and any abuse of it with actions of supernatural strength and speed will reduce it making your life span decrease, Personally I think is a good idea but not well implemented in the game as there is too few occasions you will use this yourself but the story essentialy need it to progress ("blackout" seems to occour to you aside if you try to keep your Electricity level at 90% so personally I feel like the game cheat on me, I understand the need for the story but would have liked to have more situations where I have the need to do "special feats" and so convince me is a situation I couldn't avoid, not just force it on me like the game does).   Anyway with a quick "blackout" on your way and inability to stand in the open (for the way you look there's more probablities that whoever find you put you under the ground than take you to the hospital) after some struggle you finally find a place to hide in a old Theatre attic. Here you have the lucky encounter with the eccentric but well mannered owner: Merrit (Another good character and with a good backstory that I will not spoil here). Merrit is a "misfit" and take at heart your condition so much to give you a home, a role to play in the theatre troupe (You could be an actor, a technician and many other roles how good you are depend on wich stats you're good with) and essentialy make you "the phantom" of the theatre by giving you the choice of a costume to use: This is really good idea by the author as it gives you the choice of your apparence and allow you to "personalize" your character (each "costume" is related to a stat and choosing it will increase it also it gives you a brief explanation of the character from the fictional play it come from). The general idea is good but unfortunately I have to refrain any future player entusiasm as this idea isn't explored much than that (You will have many option to interact with 2 characters from the troupe as they are essentially some of the Romance options of the game but you don't have really many ways to feel the Theatre life: for example you couldn't be the guy nobody see around but still help the theatre out of his problems so your status as "the phantom" (*whooo..*) is more like the role of a passive troupe guy. (- guest: "who's the creep with the mask that work for you?" Merrit: "Oh that's just our new special effects expert mister Adam" , Player dressed all in black leather, face covered with Executioner hood and utensils in hand show himself and stay creepily silent. Merrit: "He is just like that all the time, ain't that right Adam?"  Player dressed all in black leather and face covered with Executioner hood just nod. Merrit smile and joke by putting an hand on his shoulder and shake him: "Silly Mister Adam" *everyone laugh* -). This however only at the begin as you have many choices on how you want to help the theatre but after choosing one, that's it. There is many unique things you feel could do to improve the theatre but the main focus of the story remain your status of Undead and the need to find the truth behind your condition (what caused it and how resolve it). So from here the prologue end and many other situations take on (Personaly I liked the game story but feel like the use of the stats isn't well implemented and that some of them are not essential). Ps. for more Theatre setting try another CoG title, "Broadway: 1849" no big twists but an Ok game.  The World The setting is a mix of stempunk elements and Lovecraft (I see in this more elements from Hellboy movies to be sincere). Personally the city "Baroque" and the mention of the Labyrinth reminded me a lot of Sigil the city from the RPG game Planescape Torment (at least the vibe I get in reading the story), there is two factions you could join, different cults you could learn about (but I never seen in my reads) and a lot of secrets to discover by choosing different "routes" in the story (essentially many things happen at the same time but you couldn't see all of them because your time is limited. From my perspective this make more easy the need to replay the game but also frustrate me as it restricted my possibilities with a mere excuse: You have limited time and can't see much of anything becuse you're essentially on a permanent "low battery" status and your life is slipping away. But some events like the encounter with the detective are forced on the player anyway (that for allow the player to meet at least one time all the factions in the game even if he could avoid it) what is interesting is to see the setting: corrupted parts of the city and the society of this gritty and inospitable world. Ps. it isn't an archievement but I consider it should be one if you could find\meet in your playthrough all of the crazy Immortals that live in the city XD.   Finally:   I give it 7/10 and consider it a good story to read (gamewise could have been more developed and the "past" segment of the story is a little confused, the ending also feel rushed but for the rest is good material, sorry for the harsh critic ^^'). For other titles with this similar flavor I suggest the hosted game: A Study in Steampunk: Choice by Gaslight (If after being a phantom of the opera in this one you want to try to play a Jack the ripper kinda guy ;-) or CoG title: Trials of the Thief-Taker (this one less steampunk or occult but more 1800s "scroundel city" situations also with a unique "gang / companions" system)
Very enjoyable read.  Unlike the last couple of CYA's that came out in the last 2 months or so, this one is well put together.  No unexplainable jumps in scene, run on sentences or poorly written paragraphs (you know where one person is talking or thinking and then its someone else, all jammed together in the same paragraph so its hard to tell who was thinking/saying/doing what.) The subject matter  is somewhat broad and went in some unexpected directions, but I was honestly delighted with that. Truely my only complaint would be that Id have loved for it to be more detailed and indepth, specificaly where the other characters you interact with are concerned.  This is definetly worth the read and I think showcases some real word craft.
This game is still going to be in early access for a while (it's maybe 30% done) so while I do recommend it based on my initial experience, you may want to wait a while to buy just because there are only 3-4 playable stages of a planned 10 at this time. What there is right now is good, it's a vertical scrolling shooter with elements of series like Deep Space Waifu-you have to help save girls by destroying asteroids, turrets, etc. and as a result stripping them of their clothes. You can play with either a mouse/keyboard combo or a controller (with a controller it's dual analog stick controls), which are responsible either way but a tutorial/how to play section or instructions would be useful as you have to figure it out yourself. The artwork is nice, the girls are drawn somewhere between original and anime-style (full uncensored nudity), and the background music is good too. I like what it has so far and the $3 price is reasonable for the game and a gallery option that lets you make your own wallpapers with girls you've finished. It's worth getting if you like DSW or similar games, but as it's still early in development you might want to wishlist this and wait until more content is added because it's far from done.
I love this game but it has bugs like the one were the girl gets stuck in one side and does not move were u stay stuck on the screen shooting rocks and enemies.
game modes 4/10 (would be nice to have more games modes) gameplay 7/10 (interesting enemy behavior, lack different power ups, good bullet hell action) Interface and controls 5/10 (interface needs a visual upgrade and controls lack a bit a fluidity) visual 7/10 (the ladies are very well drawn but everything else needs polishing) music 9/10 (awesome soundtrack (most of it is the same as Hell Girls though)) replay value 3/10 (each level is random, but the game needs something else to keep people playing) overall 7/10 (very fun game and looks promising, but it needs a lot of polishing)
As far as this game is at the moment I really like the gameplay mechanics its a bit different and requires some control with the keyboard and mouse clicking and moving around. Secondly I really like the modes from easy to hard good for novice to advanced players, Third I enjoyed the nice sprites and music was pretty cool. Its different from deep space waifu games  but plays very much the same concept which is cool. Even tough the rips in clothing doesnt convert as smooth as deep space waifu i still appreciate the fanservice, i give you props for trying to  Overall im quite surprised how this game came out.
great start so far! i cant wait to see the rest..
Compare to previous seasons, I personally feel that this time season Dr. Cares is the best out of the three. The animation is very well done for each characters including the customers. I really enjoying seeing how the customers and scientists waving at me. Every bit of the movement from the horse to the environments and the characters - all are extremely very well done.  The stories itself are wonderfully written! Not only we are seeing from Amy's perspectives but also from Crystal, Lisa, Jack and Arthur. The choices and story routes are truly creative ideas. Now Dr. Cares - Family Practice is not only a story time management game but also a kind of choices matter visual novel game!  Last but not least, unlike the previous season, there is no bugs issues here so good job on that. Overall, it is a great game to play. Thank you for your hard work, Nitreal. Looking forward to see more from Dr. Cares series!
I couldn't wait for new Dr. Cares game. And I wasn't disappointed when I finally finished it.  STORY: - in few moments I wanted to hit some of these characters because of their behaviour (even my decision choices didn't really help for their stupidity...) - after playing the game you will understand my sentence >>> "JUST LET HER TALK, ASK HER" (and this game would be 30 levels shorter) - but even if story itself was irritating sometimes, I like the game. Some of the storylines were really interesting (but some where created just as a filler, I think)  PROS: - a lot of minigames (I have a feeling it's even more than in previous game) - special levels for diamonds where you have to just finish minigames for ~30s (which is great for minigames fans) - Multiple endings (I think there are 3 in some cases) based on choices you will made in game  CONS: - after finishing game, you can't change most of the decisions, so if you want to see other endings, you have to make another player profile in game - Fufu achievement (50 House Calls) - I think it's too many of them, especially that you won't get ~15 after finishing game for the first time. If you want to get "full picture" (all achievements) on one profile, you have to play this over and over again (so you can get bored, even if you are huge fan of minigames like me). Good news - you can just get 1 star and then do something else so time will pass OR wait for "Daily challenge" that will be house call so you can beat 2 achievements at one time (Fufu - 50 house calls, Jimmy - 20 daily challenges) - you might not get "full picture" in one profile, because Newton achievements is based on your decisions in the game
Fun to play, even though all your patients already know which treatment they need or which medicine they want. The story offers different endings, depending on your choices (interesting feature).  So you want to pet seals, fix broken ponylegs or just meassure the blood pressure of a racoon? Here you go!
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
First  What a joke, what a rip-off, what a copy cat  -,- .. [i]still better than Kings because[/i] ... [b]it´s Hentai ![/b]  Touchscreen recommended
I can really feel the rhythm while playing this game. I keep getting killed by left-side eels.
Fun bullet hell style game with a twist! Love the fact that you can add your own mp3 files. Would recommend :)
I definitely love this game. The mechanism is easy to understand and super fun. It got me totally hooked.   However, the rent is RIDICULOUS. The rent of the tiny little studio just jumps to $500/week in month 5 (Is my character living in Manhattan or something? Why would a tech guy choose to live in New York tho. JK) I get that this was meant to push us to work harder, but it is very frustrating because I don't even know if the rent is going to stop growing (eventually) or not. Is there a stop? Where's the rent control???  I just thought I could try out different combos and actually find out what I can make in this game, but the rent is just ridiculous. If this is a common problem, the developers should really consider making some adjustments plzzzzz 
Although I've given this game a thumbs up, I highly caution people that there is a lot of room for improvement here. The game hasn't really been balanced, there are plenty of errors, and nothing is explained very well. On the other hand, it is fun until you reach a frustrating end.   The thumbs up is for the game's potential, and honestly the music and art are right up my alley, and considering they update regularly I'm sure all the gameplay hiccups will get ironed out.  If you get easily frustrated by games that still have a lot of room for improvement, you might want to add this to your wishlist and watch it for a while. No reason to buy this game and leave a bad review when you've been warned about the current status.
Even though I knew what I was getting into, I was a bit baffled at how I was supposed to manage to develop any games with this kind of grind going on. The cheapest book is $250 which I couldn't consistently earn as disposable income in the two hours I played. Rent got ridiculously high super quickly so I spent most of my time freelancing.   Maybe random events, more opportunities to improve your dev (other than super expensive books—really, the book was more than my rent for like an hour of the game and you have to buy multiple books at that price), and some type of gameplay variation would be nice since the progress bar thing was kind of grating. But as a hardcore sim fan I won't gripe about that one too much.   I'll be looking forward to how the game changes after it's balanced because it definitely needs it atm lol.
i have not played it that much, but it would be nice with a manuel save button or have i missed something?  Does it save every day?
Yeah, a nice game. You can repport a bug inside game, just clicking ESC and go to gear and click the button "submit a bug repport". It is a very repetitive game, but it is that game that you always have for half an hour to play. Sometimes you play 1 hour or 2 and you do not realize =)
it's an extremely hard game....but overall a very good game in same time
Neat little game. The pixel art is charming and the main gameplay loop is compelling enough that I'll probably keep playing. It's barebones at this stage, but worth the price - plus I see the devs are going to add more stuff later so I'm happy to participate in the Early Access.  Some points of feedback, for what they're worth (apologies to the devs if they've already thought of these things):  1. The AP bar at the top is confusing. Why have so many segments in it when there are only 6 AP? It would be more readable if there were only 6 segments. I didn't even realise there WERE exactly 6 AP per day until I moused over it by accident and saw the tooltip.  2. Some indication of skill learning in the main gameplay loop would be nice. Again, I didn't realise you could level up skills until I accidentally stumbled across the skill bars in the pause menu. Maybe a little 'XP+' indicator each time you gain it? Or perhaps just a 'LVL UP' indicator - I can see how having an XP+ indicator pop up all the time would be annoying. Also, I don't know what it is that skills actually DO: is it just a matter of 'better skills = better games = more money' or is there something more?  3. Please, please, PLEASE add a 'Are you sure? Y/N' button for dropping food. I wasted a whole pizza because I clicked the wrong button by accident. RIP pizza. :c  4. You know that one screen that pops up when the game asks you to decide how much you're going to focus on the different parts of a new game you're making? You know, the Gameplay/Story/Sound/Graphics one. I don't know if this is intended behaviour, but I had to double-click the bars before the numbers below them changed. That felt odd. Surely one click is enough?  5. This is more of a balance thing: the Energy bar is an interesting mechanic and a nice reminder that relentlessly pushing yourself is sometimes a BAD thing, but it only ever punishes you with minuses for having low energy instead of rewarding you for high energy; because of this, maintaining Energy feels like a chore rather than a fun balancing act. Perhaps if there were a small chance of getting a productivity bonus when you have high energy it would be more fun to drink coffee at the right times, like simulating a day when you feel really in the zone? This is mostly a carrot vs stick thing: chasing the hope of being rewarded with a carrot is more fun than avoiding the threat of punishment with a stick (unless you like Dwarf Fortress, but anyone who enjoys that game is a masochist).  I look forward to seeing future changes to this game and I wish the devs the best of luck with their plans. Keep it up. :)
in general it is a pretty easy, relaxing game. You repeat the daily routine of a freelancer. There are more room to improve but overall it is a nice game, the graphic and animation is so smooth, the music is relaxing, this game ease my OCD. Probably gonna play more
For £4, you really can't go wrong. Dev-me is game development tycoon (as labelled), in which you must also pay for your rent (which slowly rises as your game progresses), pay for your food - which you must make sure you do and eat it regularly otherwise you will die of hunger. You can also work freelance to earn more cash. Earning more and more money as you develop game after game will allow you to upgrade your belongings (PC, bed etc), which will eventually lead you to end game (maxing out all of your belongings). Enjoyable game, looking forward to future updates.
I love this game and I've only started playing, it's wonderful, I can't wait to see what is next to come. Props to the makers, this is a grand game, I hope they continue to work on this.
Fun little game , hope they add more content
Very fun game, would recommend to other software engineers.  The autosave isn't perfect, and it isn't obvious that autosave is a feature when you first encounter a bug that stops play until you go back through the Main Menu and select Continue. Having a "Save" button in the ingame menus would be awesome.  The number of days that games sell for could be lengthened. Some hints about which categories go together when researching games would also be nice, but not troublesome. The research speed on the game development and marketing skills is far too low, with 4 hours of play not moving it off the first skill level while the others are 8-9 or so by that point.  The availability of 6 timeslots in a day make it very slow to progress, particularly when two are used for food and coffee early on. Could change it up to 8 and rebalance the rest of the game around that.
This is pretty good! One thing I think would improve it though: it'd be nice to see what the various upgrades actually do. It was annoying spending $250 on the refrigerator upgrade when all it achieved was a bigger capacity. If I'd known that was what the upgrade did, I wouldn't have bought it (I assumed it might be a bigger variety of food was available, or you get more satiety points from eating). Similarly, I didn't know what the computer upgrade allowed you to do. Apart from that, it's a good little game. Maybe a bit on the difficult side, but I guess that's the point.
Overal early days, good game non the less. Spend 1 hour being a bum and living on 2 burgers a day and ramen. Spend another hour as less of a bum.  Started eating pizza. Spend alot of money on a pc upgrade, almost starve because of food and pc investments. Develop successfull game and still on burgers at this point. Second game earned me enough for all the upgrades. Thats life folks. Overal this game is well worth the price. Goodjob devs. START BEING A BUM TODAY. And support these devs.
Easily the most challenging game developer game I've played. I'm living off ramen and candy bars and can barely pay my rent.  For the price and devs that seem dedicated in improving the game, 10/10
It's a very interesting game with a beautiful art style, and has a nice game loop. A few small changes would make the existing early access build more managable for me. Especially when playing casually as the game progresses, some of the changes mentioned below would imrpove my experience. I do recommend this game, it's fun, an interesting idea, and I look forward to seeing what the game will become. Hopefully the developer(s) are welcoming of suggestions and feedback as this alone will be the difference in recommending / or not recommending the product in an Early Access state.  There are a few issues, such as: when I purcahse books, I can't read them and none of my skills go up, and when I click out of the game to do something else whilst a progress bar is moving up, the game doesn't run in the background. You have to click back in the window to continue gameplay. I would recommend looking into Application.runInBackground, or in Unity build settings, enable "Run In Background" which can be found in the "Resolution section" of build settings.
Good idea only problem I had with the game is well "THE RENTS TOO DAMN HIGH",
nice game i just think the notification bar at the button is too thick and the notification is not disappearing automatically i just hope they will add an option to make the notification bar smaller and auto-hide
Great classic fantasy runner. 10 out of 10 for this timekiller!
[b] Yep, Fly High it's a Good Game. [/b]  Because game, where you must collect a sped tablets, wandering around crazy levels, cannot be bad.
nice soundtrack! I like it, simple and sweet! a+ lil game here
This game is pretty creative, so it's getting a thumbs up, the music is also great. But it has alot of terrain issues and bugs starting from level 2 such as you cant get faster even if you acquire the speed balls, and sometimes you get pushed out and your speed is drained even that you didnt collide with anything.
Very interesting idea, very creative design of levels, so I like it a lot! Game has fairytale atmosphere, that I enjoy! I like to play games like this! It´s perefect way to escape from hard working days! I hope to see new levels soon! Wish good luck for the developer!!!
Really good 8-bit style platformer.    The game starts out with a short story cutscene, done in a very nice style and is reminiscent of games like astyanax or ninja gaiden.  The story is simple and to the point, mama summoner gets turned to stone by a cyclops, so baby summoner sets out on a quest to defeat the cyclops to save his mother.    Your summoner controls nicely with a variety of different attacks.  You have a standard attack, a freeze attack, a bomb attack, an attack that shoots diagonally upwards, and an eye that helps you uncover secrets.  You can switch between these attacks by pressing the triggers and you will need to use all of the attacks at different points in the game, very often having to switch between attacks on the fly to deal with different situations.  The control is tight and responsive but I can't help but think that rather than cycling through all the attacks using the triggers, each attach should have been assigned to a different button.  Constanttly cycling through can get really annoying and there is more than enough buttons for each attack to have its own button.    The graphics have a very nice 8-bit look and would fit right at home on the NES.  The levels are generally fun to play with lots of hidden secrets to look for and some solid platforming.  There are only 2 bosses, one in the middle of the game and the final boss.  Both bosses are well designed and I wish there were at least one more boss in the game.    The challenge level is on the easier side.  You have 2 lives and unlimited continues.  One hit kills you but when you die you immediately respawn from where you died if you have an extra life, if not, back to the start of the stage.  Veteran gamers should not have too much trouble finishing this game, and there is a hard and easy mode to adjust the challenge as you see fit.    I beat the game in about an hour, but for the price it is definitely worth it, if you are a fan of 8-bit style platformers you will enjoy this game.
Great NES-style platformer.  A little on the short side(took me 2 hours to beat normal mode), but the price is really low so I can't complain much there.  Plus I plan to beat it on hard mode, or at least give that a shot.  The graphics are good and there is a decent selection of filters so you can make it look more like a CRT TV.  The music is catchy and reminds me a lot of the Mr. Gimmick music.    Everything is really polished.  Definitely worth the price if you like 2D retro platformers.
Pretty good game. I like the bosses and I have a youtube channel where I am playing this if you want to check it out.  Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/user/ghosthunter1613
Nice game
Great game, it will keep you busy for a couple hours. It's easy to pick up with some challenging sections in the latter part of the game. The art style is cool, the music is enjoyable and the levels introduce varied enemies and situations as it progresses to keep you interested.  The feedback i would give for improvement would be to ramp the challenge up a little bit and have it scale better because the game is short and difficulty seems to spike unevenly.  The first boss is a bit of a push over, i think it could be more creative given how great i thought the last boss was designed and i thought his mechanics were really cool but a little predictable for the first two stages of the fight.   The games length means the abilities don't evolve at all, its not really a problem but i think their uses could have had more varied application for more fun puzzle solving / level design later in the game. Given that you have everything up front there is nothing as you progress to make them more interesting.  Worth the money, buy it if you want some 8bit style fun platforming. The developers/artists did a great job and very inspiring for fledgling indie game devs.
Incredible cheap for such a good game
I love the game, I haven't played a game with this bitrate in a long time. I have only played tutorial and first level and im impressed with the game. the strategy already has me wanting to play more and find all this secret places in a level. A+++  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xh4cSvjL4g
This is a good 8bit platformer. It is a short game, a little bit more than 30min, but it is a good one.  The controllers are tight, all the abilities are unique and fun to use, and there are some hidden things here and there. It is well worth the price.
Initially, I didn't care much for this game. However, the more I played...the more I got into it. It is quite fair & makes you think. Never a bad thing. XD XD
More than worth it! No regrets buying it!  I bought it on sale for 50% off and I adored the things I got for the price! If its on sale, get it for sure.
A very cute and peaceful game! I can't wait to see what more the developers have in store for the future!
therapudic as flap! this bird game is amazing cute snuggly and adorable and has so much more to do in it than neko atsume ever did! I love the match three minigame and the deleted block sound! because it sounds like all the little bird blocks are flapping their wings and flying away! best 7$ I ever spent (US Tax)
I... I actually cannot give an accurate rating for how wholesome and pure this game is. The idea of just hosting and entertaining and getting to know so precious birbos is so nice in and off itself. But then the story. The story chapters have so many kind messages to everyone out there who needs and loves this kind of game. The art is so inclusive and adorable and the human characters and their trials and tribulations are relatable, and the precious bby birbos are so wholesome and unique and it's so fun finding out which treats and hats and toys attract them and build their friendship meters the most. I canNOT recommend this enough as a super-zen, reassuring and just overall wholesome game. I have the mobile and PC versions and have spent money and time on both and I regret neither. If you love birbs or just overall wholesome content a la Neko Atsume, please consider this game. It is SO sweet and means so well. So many kudos to the devs for seeking out to make such an inclusive game <3
A game filled with the sweetest sweet peeps ^_^ If you love cute birds this is the game for you!
For the times when you just need a cute little friend to chirp some cheer into your day. It's barely a game, though there are a few minigames, but that's not what Tiny Bird Garden is for. It's for relaxing, meeting your birdy friends, hoping to find new ones and taking care of a cute little chick in the nursery so s/he can one day join the others and maybe get a groovy little hat. It's that simple. And I wouldn't change it for the world. <3
This game is heckin' cute!
I'm really enjoying this game so far! For the longest time I've wanted to find a game that would help calm me down if I'm stressed or anxious, and this game does just that! It's relaxing, colourful, the art is pleasant to look at and there's so many fun features! There's also a story that slowly unravels itself and lots of goals to aim for so that there's never a dull moment. I highly suggest this game, especially if you have anxiety <3
This came recommended from the Game Grumps and I have no regrets about buying it. Really cute and calming. <3
Poppa gon' be eatin' tonight chicken tendies gimme gimme
I think these devs made a game specifically for me. I'm a little scared
this game is relaxing and really cute i like it.
The birds are very cute but the human characters get obnoxious rather quickly...  Currency is also earned surprisingly slow, meaning that you may have to check up on the game several times throughout the day before you can afford another item or gift.   Other than that I suppose its alright
It's a very cute game, I love the artwork.  However the aspect I'm not so keen on is that it is pretty much an "idle" game - I hate those as it usually means waiting for something else to happen without any interaction. It's not as needy as some and it does have minigames to play, so its somewhat better than the usual genre. The development of the game can be a bit slow and grindy.  An improvement could be more interaction with the birds and photographic challenges.
I'm really enjoying this. It's just how I hoped it would be. Relaxing with a cute story and fun mini games. The artstyle is what caught my eye, I only wish there was more variety with the music.
10/10 good for relaxing and calming down and very fun!
This game is so wonderful, I had the mobile version before this one, and see all the hard work with everything that's been added just blows my mind! The developers of this game are absolutely wonderful as well if you've ever interacted with them on social media! Please play this game if you love wholesome, cute, calming, and fun games! And birds....birds are cool too!
A game hasn't made me feel this good in a long, long time. I only just started playing, but I'm so happy and relaxed. The soundtrack reminds me of Harvest Moon, the minigames are simple and fun, and the art is adorable. This basically took all of the elements I loved about Neko Atsume, and added everything I thought that game needed to really capture my heart, and then some. It's like they read my mind! If you're looking for a simple, lighthearted, feelgood, validating game amidst a sea of toxic gamer culture, this is it.
This is without a doubt the CUTEST game I have ever experienced. Everything about it is sweet and gentle and wholesome. And the babies MY GOD THE BABIES!! It's impossible to play this without smiling. It's the perfect game for when you're feeling stressed or sad and need something zen-like to chill out with.
I've been a huge fan of the original mobile version of Tiny Bird Garden since that one first released, so when I first heard about the PC version, I was immediately super excited for it. At first, I wasn't sure how they'd manage to make Tiny Bird Garden work on a computer. It felt like one of those things that could only be achieved effectively on a mobile device. However, Super Retro Duck immediately threw all of my previous doubts away. They did a fantastic job making Tiny Bird Garden work on PC, and now I can say with full confidence that Tiny Bird Garden Deluxe is a game worth playing. It's miles better than the mobile version, since there is so much more stuff to do, and the additions of minigames and a story really helped keep me hooked. I'd highly recommend this game to any fans of the mobile version, or just people looking for a nice, relaxing game to play when life gets tough.
When I asked for a game where you collect cute stuff, these dudes delivered. I've never had a game tick all my boxes quite how this one has.
I decided to give this a try since I was just getting burned out from one AAA game after another.  Its an absolutely lovely game. Worth getting already just for the story, I wasnt expecting something so captivating tbh. Collecting everything for the many birds is a bonus. The only negative is there isnt much variety in the music, the main theme does get a bit bland and I had to turn the volume off and replace it with a "happy theme" playlist on shuffle. 
Wholesomely Addictive  I decided to get this game because of how cute it looked, but I'm also really impressed with how fun it is, too! Besides looking after your garden and meeting cute birbs, there's lots of other cool things to do like mini games, raising a baby bird, bonding with characters, and following the storyline. I'll admit, I spent hours on the puzzle mini game. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a calm, sweet game!
Best. Game. Ever.  Neko Atsume but for birds??? Fun mini games??? Cute girls??? An interesting plot??? Beautiful art style (Amazing job Daisy!!!), tons of funny/cute hats for your bird friends, raise and care for your own baby birds... This game is basically the best. Been following the game for such a long time and I'm happy to see it blossom like this. PLEASE do yourself a favor and buy this game!!! It's so much fun and definitely worth your money. You don't need to be a super crazy bird lover to adore this game.
I love this game, it's really cute and the bird talk will make you smile. You can discover what they like and you will probably get a full heart rating on a bird (I haven't yet). Plus there are more features than in the mobile version and there's our favorite internet birb, Alex (HONK-HONK-HONK-HONK).
Super relaxing and positive game! Feeling down? Play this game for a dose of happy. I love all the little birds.
A fun little game about tiny birds with extra features and nice little games added to the mobile version.
this game is so cute!! i love seeing what new birds are coming into my garden, and i love raising my own little baby bird. this game is so good for relaxing at the end of the day
I loved the mobile version of this and all the new content in here is SUPER cute!!! Would recommend to people who like games like neko atsume or for people who just like cute birds that you can pet and put hats on because omg. I also really enjoy the little side story ( although I haven't finished it yet) We need more positive games like this tbh.    Basically two thumbs up from me C:
my crops are flourishing, my skin is clear, and my depression is gone. bless this game and those that made it. i would die for eggy also.
good and wholesome 15/10 love these birbs
Alright, so I've given this game a bit of time after checking what it's like on my phone. Wanted to see how it was doing and what people thought of it before checking out this version of it on PC. It's a slow ( chill ) game and gives mini games as well as taking care of your own bird in another section of the game.   Can go about checking on visitors ( birds ) and go through talking to the characters in the game for their own story going on ( that relies on being unlocked by chapter through how many different birds visit.  My main complaints:   -Music ( though nice ) gets very old quickly when caring for the birds. Some different tunes or maybe unlocking something to get more music to play what you'd like in that part of the game. Or just made the tune have more changes sometimes...  -Loading for every change isn't needed in a PC version and makes it just a bit more annoying wanting to go back and forth trying to get hats and treats for the birds. Just going through the menu to check into all places to take a look shouldn't have that many loading screens, yeah?  - Mini games feel a bit too slow, especially the Scoop and Block games ( heh, brain fart. Can't remember the names though I just turned the game off... )  Other than that, I'm enjoying it. Thanks for bringing a more fuller experience from mobile to PC. I have no further complaints. :D  
Bird is the word! I promise you will enjoy this game if you're looking for a chill environment to gawk at cute birds! I'm a big geek when it comes to customization options so I really enjoy sweet hats! I gotta say overall this game is very relaxing so if you're ever feeling down just flip this on! Get those seeds friends!
I've been playing the mobile version of this game for a while, and now that Tiny Bird Garden Deluxe is here, I gotta say, its pretty great! The art is really cute, and the game only got improved on in this version. There is a full-on story mode, minigames, and a bunch of other content, including raising your own bird! I recommend playing this game wholeheartedly.
i would die for Eggy
Tiny Bird Garden Deluxe is an adorable, uplifting game. It is incredibly positive with a cast of characters who are easy to fall in love with. You get to interact with both the human characters and the multitude of sweet tiny birds who stop by your garden. While the game can be played casually, is also has a story mode that will keep you eagerly checking back.   This is an excellent follow-up to Super Retro Duck's mobile version. They've expanded the game and added a ton of new features making Deluxe well worth the PC purchase.   I can't wait to see what else Super Retro Duck has planned for future releases!
This game is the definition of a good mobile port, it adds so many cute new features including a fun storyline and minigames!! If you are in the market for a relaxing game to casually check on throughout your day this is it. Im a huge fan of the developers and this shows how talented they are im so excited to see what new games comes out of them in the future <3
Tiny Bird Garden Deluxe is a very good game!  This version expands on the original mobile game by adding a multitude of brand new features! Among them are five (super cute) minigames, a story mode and a feature in which you raise your own Tiny Birds! This game has never failed to make me smile (even when things were pretty hecked), and for that reason I have to recommend it!!   (OvO ) !!!! Also Eggy is amazing!!
very nice game but i'm not finding many multiplayer games and i feel like its something wrong with the game or simply no one plays it could be both but i simply don't know
POSTED: APRIL 14 One of the best games I've ever played for the price! Would love to see more upgrades, but a very solid game!
One of the best games I've ever played for the price! Would love to see more upgrades, but a very solid game!
Best $2 I've ever spent.
for this games price it was very reasonable it was a good time with me and my friends i really enjoyed recommend this to players looking to have some fun with friends
Great little game which offers great fun in coop. I would definately say it is value for money. I played it with a couple of friends and no bugs encountered. Everything seemed polished as well.  I'm giving it a thumbs up.
Awesome game with a lot of growth potential. With friends it gets even more interesting! I hope the development will continue for some time. I have already bought another copy to give away!
Vary Fun With Friends
Its a very decent game, and exceeded my expectations, its concept is fun, the mechanics are fun, so on and so forth. However there are some parts of it that would make it more enjoyable. First of all, the zombies are very fast, making avoiding them a pain, im not suggesting you straight up make them as slow as minecraft zombies, but they should be slightly reduced. Second of all, the slowing down mechanic is frustrating as hell. Thats that. Please, Keep pushing updates and take all criticism as advice! Good luck
Amazing fun if you play with friends. My friends and I stayed up all night on a school day playing this game because we were having so much fun.
This game is great i love it even to i did'nt make the final boss me and my friend had a great time. But this game has so much potential if it had more modes gadgets and everything it would be so much better and more anjoyable but you up the price
For the price money well spent. Totally worth the price tag!
Quite an addidtive little game....
Played Zombie Builder Defense for a couple of hours to test drive. Great little game, plays really well and bug free. Decent amount of depth, especially for the price tag. Easily got a couple of hours of play and ready for another session for sure. The graduating monsters kept it pretty interesting.  Not sure if we were doing something wrong, but it didn't seem to be very dark so the lights seemed pointless.  Other than that, very fun!
Fun game, and at 2 bucks is a great time killer.
Definitely worth the money spent especially if you and your friends are looking for some fun game to sink some hours in ;)
This game is what it is, nothing complex but still fun. Its's cheap and ur getting a good couple of hours some maybe not as fun as others and without friends its not as fun but i had a friend so yeh. either way this game isnt much but its worth its cost and i can't wait to see what happens next 100% ez
great game. save function would be great.
 90' PC [check]  Old chool grapics  [check]     Wanna know what's better?    [b]*ding dong[/b]  "Who is it?"  Me an intellectuale: Wanna sprite cranberry? 
i never leave a fuckin review shit but deff worth the price CoNs           pros nothing its  lit fucking  2 bucks
Can get at least a couple of hours of fun with friends, good value.
The Game Is Pretty Good, But Needs More Content E.G More Things To Build, More Gamemodes, And Zombie Types (Like Some That Could Climb Over Barracades, Or Some That Could Disable Turrets, Or Some That Explode.)  But As Of Right Now I Still Recomend Buying It.
Shockingly solid game! Forumlaicly quite simple and far from original, I've played about a half a dozen titles working off the same concept (including Fortnite's original game-mode, before it's Battle Royale exploded in popularity and people who cared about that dropped off to nothing). That said, most cost many times more than this one and aren't a fraction as fun. I think I played for hours before I made myself tear away from it, and still can't wait to play some more when I've time. Most games like this I felt exhausted, if not utterly done with, in a very short span. For the simple nature of it's concept, it really makes it work very well, with fun, challenging, engrossing, and exciting gameplay that makes up for only having so much depth. I really enjoy this one... definitely reccomend, especially at it's steal of a price.
Frenetic action game  
Pretty entertaining game. Needs a little more depth to all the functions and a relocate option in case you accidentaly build something in the wrong space though.
A while ago I bought a game called yet another zombie defense. It was fun for a while, but then I started to dislike it. I've been searching and I finally found a game like it, but better! The devs are active, there are many weapons to choose from, and there is a nice skill tree. I can't wait to put more time into this game!
A lot of fun at a very small cost. Reaching max level would take perhaps 2-6 hours, depending on whether you play solo or online, but hitting max level won't take the fun away from the gameplay. Sure, there are some tweaks that could be added (mainly weapon balancing and making barricading more rewarding in late game), but the thing the game is really lacking at the moment is some more players for online games!
So my friend and I were browsing the steam store late this winter night looking for a cheep trashy game when we stumbled upon this. Didn’t expect much, and thought it would just be a laugh, but after playing our first few rounds we started really enjoying it. It probably isn’t game of the year material, but for its cheap price you are definitely getting something worth the price.  
For the price you realy get a few hours of fun. 2 of us beat the game in a few hours with a couple of wipes to learn from our mistakes. Would love to jump back into it if they add more content but I would 100% suggest getting this game and for $2 you really cant go wrong.
Honestly a fun little game. Cheap and easy to play with 2 different game modes. Hopefully they come out with other maps with natural terrain defense. But over all this game is worth the price.
it's a good game but does ANYBODY STILL PLAY IT ?!
I generally don't leave reviews. Especially positive ones because I personally find the negetive ones to be more beneficial to if I will or wont purchase a game.  This game was a "For the moment" pick up with a day to spare waiting for a patch for another game to release before we hit it hard as a group. What was ment to be a 3 or 4 hour time waster turned into something far more than that. It became something that other developers, other players and other people who may or may not purchase wish every game and developer should be.  Ill explain: We started this game, We're a simple group and what we were looking for was just something close to a flash game that we can mindless kill things that isnt Alian Swarm. What we found was that and more. The moment is pretty seemless, even living across the country the network delay from their moments and actions to mine had very little issue within the game. Implemented far better than some other lower-end games (i mean nothing bad by this).  Graphics were better than expected with day and nights, the usage of lighting or lack there of was comical adding that extra little bit of ' OH crap!' that adds a new feeling to the game. Weather effects was a nice little spice added to the game. A handful of upgrades for each item in the game except weapons. Turrets have multiple layers to them, upgrading barracades and spikes and more.  Now lets move onto the developers, something that usually comes with a huge red flag these days.. especially in days like together with the Blizzard disaster or the Bethesda disaster or the consistant implosion of others without naming the majority of big-game devs. This game's devs are BY FAR some of the best and most responsive to players. Rummaging through the discussion to see very quick response to peoples issues, complaints or constructive criticism. I personally after playing for a handful of hours decided to see if they were only there for a week to make it not look like a cash grab and to my surprise. The first response is directly from the dev responding to a pretty large handful of criticism i had with the game and even a small list of things i think should be fixed, adjusted added or even removed. Surprisingly the Dev liked some of my Ideas and even put them in on the next patch and even added a few for things to be implemented a little later in development due to complexity.  So really, Ill try to sum up this whole experience in the way most people do in a number scheme base on What they are, and what was expected for the genre.  Graphics: 8 | Expected: 6  -- Better than most in the genre with a little flash game kinda feel. Gameplay: 7 | Expected: 3 -- No one really plays these for gameplay, just mindless and it was way better than expected. Developers: 10 | Expected: 2 -- These days, anything is better than the usual. But these guys are top notch. Support: 9 | Expected: 6 --  Far faster return times on fixing broken things making user experience way more enjoyable. Value: 9 | Expected: 4 --  The game at its price point is a no brainer. You have that much in your couch doing nothing.    Pick this game up, get some friends to pick it up. Hit up some multiplayer games and crank up the difficulty and enjoy hours of fun.
My friends and I spent a whole Sunday playing through this. Very fun. After numerous failed strategies, we eventually killed the final boss by stacking approximately 500 landmines in one spot, yelling "WITNESS ME!" over Discord, and leading him to them. The ensuing explosion nearly crashed the game, but we rode shiny and chrome into glory.  10/10, best $2 I ever spent.
love it!
Great price for game, but could have better graphics (not a big problem.) Would love to see events (get people involved.)    I would mainly get this game to play with friends for now, but I could see it having a small community in the near future!
This game is a masterpiece for the price tag and really has potential! Took myself and some friends a good amount of tries before beating the game and really showed a challenge for us four. I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone that's looking for a nice little party game with their friends or even as a solo experience! I hope to see the devs. continue building upon this game and keeping up the good work!  P.S.- One of my friends noticed something wrong with one of the weapons and before the next day it was already fixed! Thanks for keeping on top of things and listening to the community!
Regarding the previously mentioned known issue with ue4 engine crashing it seems to happen when players select the same item ie. barrier , current, trap etc. Witch would a fairly simple things to update other than that it's a fun game and is worth $2  Only thing that is troubles me about the game is what is the purpose of the experimental wepon and why are you not able to buy explosives when you upgrade to it an dose not seem to serve much of a purpose at higher level waves
Please fix the multiplayer mode, i just buy this game to play with friend ! but the multiplayer is error
Enjoyable game, but unstable, constant UE4 crash errors at random parts of the game, what is worse is you cant rejoin your friends when this has happened.  But if you can put up with the constant crashing you would enjoy it.  Note: The crash happened with multiple people with different PC builds
a very good game
The game is easy to get into and fun right from the start.  No need to wait until wave 50 to actually have a challange, it starts right from the first wave.  On my first go I made it to Wave 3, finally made it to Wave 20 after quite a few tries over an hour.   The building mechanic is nice and simple so that you can have a simple defense that as you learn the game becomes more sophisticated with upgrades. If you're looking for a nice little game that you can pick up during a spare 5 min or jump on with friends all night, you cant go wrong (especially given the price)!  It's worth way more than $2. 
The game just keeps getting better! Glad I could help test the changes
Overall a good game, definitely worth the price tag. I have two suggestions that I think would help this game: 1) Either increase the time between waves or make it so that the players can determine when the next waves comes. Especially when you are first starting, there is no way a player can figure out the skill tree, build their defenses, and buy their guns all within 30 seconds.   2) Make a leaderboard for the Endless Mode!   Hope this helps, stay salty.
Game is a fun time burner with your friends! Group up, grab some beer and defend yourself against the zombies. $2 well spent.  Also, you can draw anything you want with the barricades. ANYTHING.
Liking it so far
Fun, additcing, harder than anticipated....aslo, eat poo, Theo.
Beta tested since the beginning and glad to see the game finally out on Steam. Easy game to pick up and play through with friends.
Fun little game that cost you less than a can of Spam. Ideally better with friends but it can still entertain you if you're at work pretending to be busy.   Pros: Can be bought with money from selling steam badges Nice sound effects and smooth animations Has an endless mode Telent tree that saves exp and upgrades to your profile  Cons: I have no idea what this has to do with Bitcoin Zombie AI seems to only be able to brute force its way to kill you, thus zombies are easily routed Single player boss fights can be much more difficult than multiplayer  Edit: Had to change my review. Ever since they went from "Zombie Bitcoin Defense" to "Zombie Builder Defense" The game has gone extremely downhill. The game no longer mines bitcoin while I play and the coin it mined prior to the update is worthless. Complete waste of 2$, wish I would have bought spam.
yes
Great value DLC. Rubico prime can "pop poor billy's melon in one shot". If you can get that reference i'd be mightly impressed.
[b][u]Good DLC[/u] 🌟🌟🌟🌟☆  It's pretty good if you decide to buy Platinum, you get to have 1000 Platinum with an extra 50 Platinum and 2 Prime weapons for the same price as a 1000 Platinum Pack.
This skin make my mind erected! Thx DE to change the price balanced with our region :)
aye armor is great but the cape is kinda lacking   Fashionframe OP
Tight controls, good level design, a fun theme and  that classic "I've almost got it, just one more try" feeling that keeps you coming back
Great game that I am very glad to have played. It's engaging and tough and helps you get your mind off the madness for a while.
Bubbles is great! Don't be fooled by the cute cats - whilst this game is easy to learn, it's genuinely difficult to master. There are a tonne of levels offering new and interesting challenges, and plenty of secret routes to discover. Really enjoying it :)
This is a game you can simply pick up and play. Both me & my 6 year old daughter have enjoyed playing it (when she lets me). It's challenging in a way that it keeps you addicted to wanting to play it.  The graphics remind me of when I first started playing games and it felt just as good as when it did back then. The controls are so simple too, one button to control Bubbles - which is nice to have a game with little complexity in the controls these days.  When I asked my daughter what she thought, her words were "It's awesome". Not much more to say that that!
This is one button platforming at its best: easy to pick up but a real tough one to master! If you're like me, you have to get all 3 stars before moving on. It does get pretty nails but it's perfectly enjoyable without having to 100% it.  I'm looking forward to seeing speed runners get their hands on it and showing off their complete playthru times that I will never have a hope of achieving.  Also, Bubbles is just so damn KEWT!
Bubbles the Cat is one of the cutest platformers I've had the pleasure to try.  Levels are quite short, rarely exceeding 1 minute in length, but they can be trickier than expected. Very easy to learn, hard to master you can recognise the cleverness in some levels' design. Challenging, yet not frustrating, you'll adore the music and the cute little meows that will keep you company during the whole adventure.  Also if you're not really a cat person you can put on a shiba or husky cap and pretend to be playing as Bubbles the Dog.
Simple and pure gameplay, solid platforming mechanics and responsive controls. It's definitely got that 'just one more go' factor, especially if you're a completionist and are determined to 3-star a level before moving on!  Features one-button controls, but that it certainly doesn't mean it's easy... you'll be needing some purr-fect timing to guide Bubbles through increasingly hazard-filled levels, and new power-ups add variety as you progress through the game.  After playing the first 4 levels of World X, it's clear that there's quite a challenge ahead... 
Bubbles is a near purrfect 8-bit platformer (if you're a fan of hardcore platfromers with cats). There's plenty of great content and some really intuitive and imaginative bubble mechanics which makes this game a really slick experience. It's a hard game to put down with a really solid difficulty curve with a range of great platforming challenges. The bonus stars and the hardcore world X will keep you coming back for more. I'm also a fan of the customisable cats and cat hats which have been included, super cute! Highly recommended!!
A wonderful game with a cute pixel art style and plenty of challenge despite the simple controls.
It is a fun game and most Non-World X levels can be beaten relatively easily however if you want all of the stars on each stage it will take you quite a while longer. The boosts allow people who are not as good at these sorts of games to still get through the levels and World X allows people who want a challenge to have a challenge. Being able to change your cat's colour and hat is also a nice touch as it makes it feel like it is your cat in a way. Considering the price, this is definitely a game I'd recommend.
A strangely addictive game. It seems quite easy at first but if you're determined to get 3 stars for each level (like I am) then it soon gets tricky! The simple controls make it easy to play, but not so much to master! The power ups add another dimension to the seemingly simple controls.  The game feels like a platform but has elements of puzzle as you're effectively trying to achieve your goals against the clock: thus having to plan out the quickest route while having the skills to pull it off.  Great fun and well worth a fiver!
Love the art style. A bit tricky but not too difficult and definitely has the 'just one more go' factor. Really nice ideas and mechanics, and plenty to do. Very accessible with minimal reading and one-button gameplay.
The author mentions that this game is the last in the series of the parody dating sims they created. So, If you have a spare time, try the other ones too! The first in the series, is Other Age which is free to play, the second one is Other Age Second Encounter which is available also available in steam and in their main store. The only relation of the game on the previous series, is that they are all  parody dating sims, nothing more, nothing less. So you don't need to play the other games to in order to catch up in the story. Relationship-wise, this game has actually a little connection in the "Present" in Area-X. Hint: School Uniforms!  As of now, I complete the whole game and I enjoy the experience  Ratings: from highest to lowest.  Characters (9/10)  There is not a single character that I hate in this game, I love them all! But to be honest, I prefer the some characters over Manly, the protagonist. However, Manly's character traits blends well with everyone. To put it simply, Manly makes the other character shines more when she is around with them. After unlocking, the extra, I read on the character's profile, then eventually laugh hard when I found out God's interest is censored*. Well, it is hinted on the game what his interest is, it is indirectly revealed in some hidden events. Be sure to check it out. Based on my gameplay this is how rate them. God >>> Rian > Johnny > Muki > Jaki > Manly> Maki >> Doki > Myu-Myu. Most of the charcters has the tendency to be a stalker.lol   Story (9/10)  The mixture of the most cliche and most impossible things to happen is a perfect touch to create a new storyline, the only thing to complain is how short game's story is, but compare to their other games, this is actually longer.  Difficulty (8/10)  In order to achieve an ending you need to meet a certain stat and amount of affection in your chosen character. There are hidden events that only appear when you reach  a certain amount of affection. Compare to the previous series, this is easier , but still hard. There are a few minigames that torture my brain. (I'm talking to you Crossword and Sudoku. The most painful part of this, is that I don't know how to use skills in this mini games, because I discovered it so late). I am really proud that I finish all of the levels in the minigames, it was so worth it!  Concept (7/10)  Stat-raising is not new to me anymore but adding minigame with it, is great and increase the challenge of the game.  Saving Slots 6/10  Saving slots is a Big Yes! I have play their previous game and most of it has no saving system, so I was glad to have them, but I still need more saving slots. Saving is really crucial in this game, so I recommend adding more in the future, if it is not in this game, put it on your future Projects.  Art 5/10  The art is cute, but as I progress, and finally get an ending I was disappointed that even the ending CG art is still a chibi. Don't get me wrong, I'm not against chibi art but I prefer their usual arts rather than chibi. I don't know If it is just me, but I feel that they insert lesser effort for the event CGs in this game compared to their previous ones. Other than that, character designs is unique and beautiful while the backgrounds are gorgeous, I personally like the design of heaven realm.  Lastly, I recommend this game to someone who is patient, enjoys challenging minigames and for the ones who enjoys their previous games.
Very funny and cute. A great way to pass the time if you enjoy games where you have to manage your stats.
Interesting and silly so far, a nice goofy twist on Otome games character-wise. Play style it reminds me of Dandelion slightly because you can stat your character up in different ways and reduce stress, though with Cliche I'm not sure what the stats do yet as I'm only 20 out of 100 Days in. Not too much has happened yet but I"m entertained.  So far I'd give it a 7/10 for creativity.
Barely a few minutes in and its already hilarious. 420/69 God is best girl lol.
only 1 thing [spoiler] Lavie [/spoiler] 10/10
ฉากอย่างว่า เป็นโหมดแยกไม้รวมกับเนื้อเรื่อง ต้องเล่นให้จบก่อน
Pros: +No censorship +Stays in character  Cons: -Not very much extra story content  Thoughts: As I've never been a fan of censorship, I would recommend that no one play the game without this DLC. Although there are no significant changes to the main story, the addition of blood and nudity do make certain scenes more realistic.  The h-scenes were not written too badly and do surprisingly manage to capture realistic portrayals of each of the characters' personalities. In particular, it was nice to see [spoiler] Lavie [/spoiler] get some love.  Score: 9/10
As a disclaimer, this DLC is super tacked on to the story and to be totally honest can be treated as non-canon fluff. The four scenes in question each tell an individual story between Ryou and one of the female characters, inevitably having them mash genitals at some point. The scenarios are fairly interesting and add a little in the way of character development, but it's clear that fanservice is the name of the game. For 5 dollars it's a pretty good deal considering you'll get another 2 hours or so out of the four scenarios, but if you're looking for some sort of cohesive integrated side stories this is unfortunately not that. Except for Sion's scene, hers is actually pretty good and makes more sense than the others. If you want p0rn, this will get you where you need to go. if you want meaningful additional story content, not so much.
I mostly give positive review because the Developer and Publisher finally uncensored the game/visual novel. I want to give a massage to other Developer and Publisher to not censor the game or give the option to uncensor the game because I'm not a snowflake and fragile. The Real DLC Review: While the Sexual content is canonically unknown, it's not going breaking the Main canon storyline if added but there are 2 sexual content scenario who contradict each other Elica and Sion, if you see Sion scenario Elica scenario is like never happen. My recommendation Sexual content order base on story timeline Lavi, Elica, Maya, and Sion.
As I've written im my Eden* review, a major gripe I had with it is how most of the romance in the story revolved only Sion and the other female characters were too out-of-focus. Well, thanks to this DLC, this problem is somewhat mitigated as said other female characters (barring Natsume) have more screentime and sex scenes. Also, a few of the main story's scenes have added blood/nudity. While not a major change, I feel they help make said scenes more dramatic. While it doesn't change the game too much and doesn't really add replay value, I'd highly recommend that you buy this BEFORE you read the main story, as it improves the game's overall experience.
Sion is cute, that's why i bought this to know "Deeper" about her.
Mosaic-censored genitals are what I live for.
ALL DRUKHARI MUST DIE!
Glorious carnage!
Picked this one up. If you like the new season stuff get this to complete the game. Now Diablo 3 season stuff is free and so is this if you use in game fate. But the price of the seasons are not that bad considering that a pod of paint is around 4.25 USD at the warhammer store. ; )
Best map for grinding Fate and getting tons of Legendary items. If you manage to get a lot of points, you will get more lootboxes with legendary items.  Definitly worth the grind.
*_* Heretics are everywhere but at least my footprints are blue *_*
Fun to play through. Nice side story.
Fun set of Missions. Cpl of hours of entertainment. Doesn´t cost much either, if you want to just grab it. Well, 800 Fate pts is actually a bit more then I do have. And these Footprints I got surprised me. They are a very nice set of Footprints, but I thinik they should escalate them down a slight bit. Those Icy spikes is a bit big you know. Otherwise. Great.
Apart from the choice at the beginning not matching up. This is how priority assignments should be. Good variety of mission types and some good, busy looking maps. Looking forward to more like this :)
Finally, my very own Servo-skull! UwU
Cool pet. Fits nicely into the game's setting.
I just bought it, so the Devs can hire someone, who actually speaks the language they are trying to translate into.  And has some decent enough grammar skills to stay consistent in honorifics.
Nice Pet! Keep it up dev team with the pets. Would be nice like Diablo the pets picked up all the money that you find.
Just as it is. A Pet. A Follower. A Sidekick. Doesn´t hurt to have one. Always welcome.
Amazing game would definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the souls-like genre.  pros: -Amazing combat -Hentai -Ass -Huge immersive world  -Fluid animation  cons: 
very recomended
Pretty nice so far. A little more content would be nice and it would be also nice to know, when you reached the end of the game or level or anything. Or something like: "Final Boss!". ;)
Hello I liked this game but in the current version controls has a bit naughty bug it seems cant walk by 'w' and 'a'. Also I commented on developer's youtube channel. for developer: we are working on a new game a bit more proffessional, can you mail me? SaseteS@icloud.com
Not a bad start, honestly.   Played it on stream when someone suggested it, I expected an absolutely awful game but in all honesty, it's a good base for something bigger. Inital changes would be to have all of the controls in the same format at the tutorial- One wall is controller, other is for keyboard. Not a huge issue, just something that would make things feel a bit smoother. Camera could be made a little more forgivingly, it was like pushing a car trying to get the camera to rotate.  A few gameplay/story urks would be the ability to simply run from the beginning to end. I done this after some combat- it's super easy to exploit because of how the checkpoints have been laid out. Oh, also, the final boss fight is super anti-climatic- 9-10 hits and he was dead, no ending scene- no rewards- no indication that the game has ended.  Although the points raised in the review are negative, I did have a fair bit of fun while playing this game. I'd recommend for £0.79 :)
As a fan of ZX Spectrum games, I really enjoyed this.  The game is similar to Dizzy in puzzles and layout, but dying only takes you back to the current screen.  The puzzle difficulty is just right and the music is great too.  There are a couple of issues.  1. The music seems to be off by default. I had to press a key to turn it on. 2. The ZX style graphics are great, however there are a few items (and the title screen) that are not done in this style and it's really distracting. The main font has a weird anti aliasing effect instead that stops it looking like a Spectrum. 3. I managed to lose 2 items during a playthrough. This may be a bug. I restarted and it didn't re-occur.  Despite the issues above, I've played through this a few times. It's definitely worth the money and even after solving the puzzles, the music and platforming make this a fun second play.
This is a must-play for fans of the Dizzy Series or other ZX Spectrum platformers.
Grew up playing ZX Spectrum games and this is a lovely blast back to that past. Nice selection of find-objects-to-solve-puzzle problems that all make sense. So no need to try every object with every other object (something that plagued some of these type of games).  Would also be a good one to play through with your kid, solving the puzzles together.
Superb little game! It's a modern day Dizzy!  If you are *ahem*, an older gentleman like myself, you will love this throwback game. Same price as the tape would have cost 30 or so years ago too!  I just need to get a rubber key add on for my keyboard and I'll be happy!
Captain MaCaw is a retro style platformer that brought back a lot of nostalgia for me. Now, I'm not good at these types of games, because I'm a big giant dumb dumb, but the gameplay and string of events that lead you from point A to point B is incredibly clever and engaging. I was not expecting the game to have as much depth as it does, and whenever I would get stuck on a part, I was able to reach out to the developer who promptly helped with any information I needed.  Very well done, very cleverly made, and overall a lot of fun.
When I play with my brother, it's only on one screen. Can I split it into two screens? I have two screens.
Tasty Planet Forever is a really fun casual game, that’s all about eating anything thats smaller than yourself (if you ignore a few anoying levels...)  I've played and completeted "Tasty Planet", and i like that in this game "Tasty Planet Forever" that there is much more levels, and that there are a few more challenging ones.  One thing i miss from "Tasty Planet" is to get the amount of x- thing you ate, other than that amazing game, Recomened 10/10
Listen here, dear viewer, and listen well... There may be other reviews claiming that the game is/gets repetitive, and the same ideas are reused again and again, and that things might get old.  Well, I'm here to tell you that most, if not all of this... Is NOT true! In Tasty Planet, the game is about eating smaller things to become larger and eat large things that you couldn't eat before, whether it be as a cat in a restaurant or an octopus in the sea. There are an astronomical variety of entities for you to consume on your path to becoming as large as possible as each character, and each of these are arranged in many different ways in many different levels, providing a large amount of variety!  It's not all just mindless consuming, either. The game also provides special levels, where you are to complete a task to attain victory, such as consuming poisoned food and avoiding good food, eating litter in the sea while avoiding fish, helping humans to subdue a zombie outbreak, or clearing a path filled with landmines for the safe passage of elephants. Some of these levels (and some entire character chapters) provide quite the message, and serve as a good intermission from the regular gameplay to avoid quick staleness.  The game challenges you by sporting a 3-star rating system based primarily on speed. Just finished a level and feel like you've got the hang of the layout and have the technique needed to beat it quickly? Try again and zoom your way to the top of the food chain! It's not just for fun either; The more stars you have, the more content you unlock, such as bonus levels of each chapter, or even alternate appearances for each character!  I've played every single Tasty Planet game that has ever come out... Tasty Planet, Tasty Planet (web browser version), Tasty Planet: Back for Seconds, Tasty Planet: Dinotime (The second web browser version, pretty much a waaay smaller version of TP: BfS), Tasty Blue, and now this. The series has created fond memories within my mind since I was far younger many years ago, playing it for the first time on Wildtangent. This is definitely the largest Tasty Planet game of all, and holds up the quality that all its predecessors had very well!  Tasty Planet Forever might have a mildly cliche title, but it's definitely deserving in my opinion. This game is the culmination of many years of adoration fans have had for the series, and is truly worthy of carrying the Tasty Planet legacy... Forever! Thank you for taking the time to read all the way down here if you didn't skip!  If you were too lazy to read all of that... Just buy the game. It's really good.
I really love this game. It is better as they do have more variety because during Back for Seconds the levels were very boring. This is better. I really wish more people would know about it. It is a great game. Good job devs 👍
yet another year and another tasty planet game. overall the game was a fun time killer as i genuinely play this game mainly when waiting for others to load. my only big issue with the game was when the levels got tedious and repetitive other wise  it's a solid  6.5/10
I Have A Consept For Another Thing, You Play As A Tiny Lions Maine Jellyfish And Heres The Thing That Can Happen At The Beginning Of All It That The People Brag About, The Blue Whale Is The Biggest Animal On Earth, But I Like This Game Alot, I Hope There Will Be More.
Hours of replayability  on the horizon!  Two thumbs up..  :D
It's a very fun time "eater" ;)
7 years ago, the developers of this game asked for ideas on what to put in "Tasty Planet 3". I was one of the few people that responded, by suggesting adding lower level subatomic stuff, such as quarks and atoms, and larger stuff such as a multiple universes.  I was told this would be too complex for most players to understand.   Today I played Tasty Planet Forever, and found they had added quarks, atoms, and multiple universes.  God damn you, Dingo Games.  oh also the game is okay, last level is way too long, i give it a 7/9
I had never known how much I wanted to destroy the world as a bee until this game existed. :D  10/10 would devour universe again.
this game is great. eat something, get bigger, eat some more get huge, and then........... BOOM!
If you don't know if you like this style of game, just search up "tasty planet flash" in your web browser, it should give you a (playable) idea on how they play. If you still don't know, try the first game on Steam, its only $5.  Instead of repeating what everone else has said, 10/10 would play again.
Its indeed a good game... but kinda falls off in some things, like some of the levels design are dull, the OST is not as good as the one in Back for Seconds  [spoiler] I was hoping for something like the end of Tasty Blue when we would eat the characters of previous worlds, i was wrong, the ending reflects that there are different universes in Tasty Planet games (yet its hard to explain the turtle tower) [/spoiler]
way more levels than the other games in the series and it also added a different type of level.
its tasty planet 2 but better and way more levels
AMAZING! I've always been a fan of the Tasty Planet/Blue series.And this has so many more worlds with different characters!
Very good game. i am a big fan of tasty planet and reccomend this game for everyone.
Just a small question, is there a Collection menu? If not, when will we have one? I would really like to see one, in rest, the game is awesome, brings up old memories
I love this game! all the playable characters are so unique even thouh they all play the same! i recommend this to anyone looking for a good time!
This game is AMAZING! If you enjoyed even one of the Tasty games, I'd highly recommend this game. There are multiple stories, the star mechanics are improved, the mini game levels are more fun and recognized, and the final level is both hilarious and genius. Thank you, Dingo Games for making another game that was a blast to play through start to finish! I'm definetly gonna try to 100% this game!
Exactly what it says on the tin. A bigger, more expansive, more varied and more challenging sequel to the other Tasty games.  A must buy if you like the games as much as I do.
If you're a fan of the developer's previous games [i]Tasty Planet[/i] and [i]Tasty Blue[/i], this is more of that.  If you're not, it's a game where you control a tiny creature and eat things smaller than you to slowly grow bigger, so that you can eat bigger things and grow bigger still; it's like [i]Katamari[/i] but with vore. The game is level-based, and there is no continuity between levels; you can end one by eating a car, and begin the next too small to eat a rat. Most levels have a target size to grow to, but some change it up and have you eating all of a certain type of object, penalizing you for eating anything else. These levels are also odd in that they have you playing hero to the people you've been eating.  Each level is timed, and you're graded and awarded up to three stars based primarily on how quickly you finish. Bonus levels are locked until you earn certain numbers of stars. Many of the stars are too difficult for me, so I haven't unlocked any yet.  This game has eight playable characters with their own themed sets of levels, with each character introduced by a cute comic strip. To move on to the next, you must complete the current set from beginning to end, not including bonus levels.  TL;DR: [i]Katamari[/i], [i]Agar.io[/i], etc. with strict level progression.
An excellent premiese. Awesome sound effects. 1950's B-Movie aesthetic. For some reason, there doesn't seem to be any way to convert humans inorder to upgrade things. This really needs to be fixed.  https://youtu.be/Gyib0wywAf4
S W E E T - H O M E - A L A B A M A  https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS772US772&biw=1280&bih=610&tbm=isch&sa=1&ei=nKqbXNydIsPXjwSSx5SgAQ&q=Redneck+incest+cousin+meme&oq=Redneck+incest+cousin+meme&gs_l=img.3...21370.21967..22095...0.0..0.96.352.5......1....1..gws-wiz-img.mwuxXXjK3zE    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Du-CWASm20
Cheap and simple, fun for some time. For the people who wants more games like Peggle and already played all the other "pach inko" (without space) games on Steam. Pretty hard though. Couldn't beat the first 10 levels in 5 tries. Mostly because sometimes a red ball spawns behind a black hole and it's almost impossible to hit. The game would be much more enjoyable without black holes.
GOTY right here, the story gripped me tight a never let go. I cannot put into words the sheer AWE that is felt when i load this game. If loveless cat doesn't win you at least TEN awards then I have truly lost hope for this world.
It's alright
It would be nice if it wouldn't delete your progress completely when you fail once. It should reset to just before you click "Go" so you can fix single mistakes. Other than that, it's a pretty fun game.
Do you enjoy the sound of screaming rubber chickens while you commense shooting upon them? Then buy this game, even if it's just for the lawls.
this brush it.... it saved my life! nothing has ever felt as good as holding this magical piece, 10/10 , A must have!
Update. So I spent some more time with this Game the other day. I was finally getting the hang of the switching back and forth among game characters and finding my way through.  So what I one thought at the beginning when i first started to play the game as not good or bad have been upgraded. The dynamics of the game i feel are really incredible from the Character Movements, the Puzzles placed together requiring both characters to be played in order to solve the puzzles. I had initially felt odd using 2 characters and going back and forth. Having spent more time on the game while it does take a little getting used to using 2 characters it is much needed in the way the puzzles were designed.  Graphics are truly amazing and the effects ( the lighting, the torches etc ) add to the feeling of being truly in a cave environment right down to the echoing of foot steps upon the cave floor.  Would i suggest this game. ABSOLUTELY! details, visuals, puzzles, the experience is awesome.
Game is really fun, transition between 3rd person and first person is really well done. There is still some glitches left and right but still a very good game
The game is more fun than I thought. It was a 'game-like' game during VR games.  There were some bugs in the game (sound effects bugs, character moving bugs). But there was no big problem playing the game.  I also liked the way of playing the game by alternating two characters, and it was especially good to play alternately between the third person and the first person.  The puzzle difficulty is not smooth, but it was good to be novel.  If you want to enjoy an adventure game with your VR device, it was a good game to recommend. 
Despite limited time with the game, only completing the first few levels, ill validate the positive statements from Nxy.  The diorama effect is wonderfully detailed, the caverns look great and are quite expansive in a room scale enviroment. The way it jumps to first person is seemless, swaping between the characters just as easy. First person mode features smooth loco, snap turning and adopts the arm swinging from the like of sprint vector, and dungeon knight. Interactions with dungeon obstacles are done with hand movements like rope ladder climbing, lighting torches, grabing the sliding ropes.  The first few levels were rather basic, so i can't speak to greater detail about content later in the game. Creatures, traps, and quick actions required between the characters would certainly be welcome beyond the basic puzzles i encounterd early on.  I recommend the game on what little i've seen, but hope there's more to it as the videos seem to suggest.
I wanted to post a super quick pre-review for those who like me, looked at this and immediately had that feeling of "oh no, I've been hurt before, if I buy this... will they hurt me again?" from all of the crap that has been released lately in the VR world at retail prices. :) I would like to say that this game IS legit! VERY polished game from an obviously capable developer. I am also happy to say that you will NOT have to break out your English/Korean dictionary. The English is a bit broken at times, but all in all quite a bit better than the majority of titles in this category. The concept/interface is also very unique. If you are wondering, like I was, what the heck is with the isometric views in the screen shots? Basically the game mechanic allows for you to pull back to a dollhouse view where you can look at the scene holistically. From this view you can take over either or both characters in first person to manage the very detailed environment (the detail in FPS and zoomed out is very well done). The puzzles are a tad cliche, not bad, but so far pretty much the kind you have seen in a 2 + character dungeon crawler (avatar a stand on platform b to gain access to c, etc.) but I don't care, it's beautiful and the atmosphere makes it work. I have played enough that I feel very safe in recommending this game!   A few notes: I tested this on Windows Mixed Reality (Samsung Odyssey) and Oculus Rift. The Oculus support is solid and game play is great. On the WMR side the game is surprisingly good, but NOT quite there. :'( I say this because many of we WMR users gamble on Vive games because most work with the system without trouble (other than knowing the control differences). In this case the game looks BEAUTIFUL in the Samsung higher pixel and deep colored OLED display, and the performance is solid and smooth as butter (gtx 1080 on that machine) . Unfortunately, the core mechanic of first/third person view does not appear to be working properly. When in isometric view, unlike on the Rift, you cannot control the characters with the track pad or thumb sticks and the camera zooms out to a strange and likely unintended place. There are also some very small issues with the avatar hitting tiny ledges during some upward hills that stop you dead in your tracks, like something larger than a 5cm ledge is stopping you. This is easly worked around though with a little fidgeting or popping in and out of third person.  @Developer, you basically have WMR 90% there from what I can tell, I would ask that you consider working with some testers (I am willing to pitch in if it helps) and get the WMR support proper! It works... but I have to say that I will be playing this through on my Rift despite the large visual improvement on my WMR headset. I know you did not state it in the supported headset section, but man, it seems like you could open up a large and growing VR population to yourselves if you take the additional effort. As it stands for now, though, my suggestion to WMR users, wait to buy for a patch or at least sign of committed WMR support. While it works I think some things you will miss out on or expertience in an unintended way, and there very well could be some game breaking scenarios later on. I will be playing with customizing the Steam bindings to see if I can make the 3rd person loco function and not give up; If I am able to get that part working at least I will update my review.
Awesome game.  instant classic.
its a fun game but dont forget to get defender guns 
Well now, lets be honest.  The game is nice and real fun, BUT, content is too few, i already have a huge base with only a few min of gameplay.  so far no alien attack on my base, not that i know of.  Developers should add more content to the game.  but other than that, i recommend this game.
I like this game in general, I just couldnt get passed the constant yelllow ground. It hurt my eyes a bit. With that being said, i enjoy the game will continue to play more. Its a building sim where you must survive on Mars, make Elon proud, though I might not have :P.  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqrhl1_U26asPAtgdnb3EZg
Its not game of the year, but its damn close. Only bad thing is that there are no fortinte dances.
There is a certain depth to the story telling in this game that many other games are unable to reach, and not for a lack of trying. The game focuses on Elon Musk's inability to connect pipes together and the frustrations that come with that are explored quite nicely.  The gameplay is very unique and really makes you feel you are stepping into the shoes of Musk. It stays exciting constantly throughout the story even when you starve to death five times in a row because pipes dont connect to anything.  There is really no negative to this game.  Fuck this game / 10
im not commander shepard and this is still the best game on steam
This game is great,the only problems are that the plain is a bit buggy and not the best one,and the map is a bit too small,but the rest is literaly great,please make a third part of it.
I have extensive experience with this game. I played, and it sort of caused a buzzing in my nuts. Highly recommended, I simulated Elon's Musk with my boy Ripnuts
funny but can u make monster and a bigger map thx xd 
The game is very funny. You can create your own colony in mar and that gives you a lot of possibilities. It's a great game but I think that could be more things in the game because there are not much things to build and a game like this could have a lot more of content and could be a greater game, but like this is also funny.sorry for my English But I hope that can help you.
game of the year, can't wait for blizzard to pick this up for the blizzard launcher :)  edit: microtransactions have been added, absolutely awful business practice but the gameplay makes up for it :)
EDIT : NO MORE ELON MUSK :( This game is lovely.  You can make your small mars colony with this game after you get electricity via solar power, and then spend like 10 mins to make a water machine work (cables...). which you need to loot things like iron and gold to buy.  Then you build a colony house and invite people who are brought with a reverse landing rocket. You also need a water and food source for yourself, which you can get with a restaurant you build. Aswell you can get a RC looter if you need to go too far and a mars truck/low-flying shuttle if you want to travel faster. You can also build more oxygenful areas which also needs water and electricity. You also can buy sentry turrets against "aliens" which i didn't encounter yet since i've been only 45 minutes into game yet.  Not the best graphics, not good graphics at all, but since i don't really care about graphics i'll give it a thumbs up. It's a very creative game, i like it a lot personally.
Hello, That's me again. I'm writing from my Tesla Model S. In the first recommend, I selled my wife because if i didnt, i wouldn't buy the game. In the second game im playing with my wife and she also enjoys it. That's very nice game. Let's play!
Decided to try this game. The Match-3 is fun, and in the end can be quite challenging. You have to have the right set of specials to survive the last few fights (because the ninja is a bitch… in both senses of the word). That said… if you are looking for sex scenes, there are none. The most you are going to get is slashed clothing showing the girls’ boobs (with wounds) and a hint of their genitalia in the last two.  Hopefully, any future chapters will have the possibility of a love match… Still, it is decent.
good game
Your game is too hard, it took me 50 minutes to finish one level. Anime girls are sex bätäng
Relaxing music, a nice view and a touch of nature. This sure as hell was a good investmentt B)
Even better than SC2VN, great BGM, art and characters.  I hope the developers are considering a sequel, I'd love to see more of Bolt.
I want to say I was worried that this wouldn't live up to the original which was, in my eyes, one of the best visual novels I've ever read. But I really wasn't. I knew this game would be good, and they did nothing but prove me right.  You return to the same world, but as the villain of the first game. You learn things about him that change how you think about him, and change how you experience the first game in a good way.  This story had me on the edge of my seat more than once, and I can honestly say that, despite knowing what happens in the game this is a prequel to, I had no idea how it was going to end.  The first game was one of my favorite visual novels ever. This one is [i]even better[/i].
Genuinely one of my favourite VNs, ever. I might not have the widest list so far, but this one just resonates with me so well. If you enjoy eSports, play this game. If you enjoy Blizzard Games, play this game. If Videogames are a huge part of your life, I strongly suggest you play this game. The trip you go on, the friends you make, and the story this tells is just an awesome story to be a part of. I fully suggest it.
Awesome game. Great writing, artwork, sound and music. About 5 hours into it so far and really invested.
Good for starcraft fans. Longer than SC2VN (2-3x perhaps), but a bit expensive. Micro minigame is kinda fun trying to get S-rank once you figure out there are acchievements. I would have prefferred it to continue from where SC2VN left off, but this is a story about Bolt and Jett during Brood war..
Great visual novel. Loved every second of it :) Definitely recommend if you liked the first one
If you have any interest in esports at all, give this story a shot. If you don't, then I recommend it even more. As someone who has only started watching professional esports after the boom, it really puts a lot of things in perspective. Everyone knows Broodwar, I always thought of it as the mothership that spawned every esport, so every esport has an interest in Broodwar because it is our history or our ancestor. This game gives perspective of those formative years in a way that leaves you breathless.
Once again I go into a visual novel about one of my favourite games expecting it to be good and getting blown away by how amazing it is. Don't Forget Our Esports Dream provides all the depth and references a veteran brood war player would expect while maintaining a strong narrative that even a non-player will still understand and enjoy. While playtime compared to cost is a little lacking if you like to judge games in that manner, personally I enjoyed this so much that I completely forgot about that.  If you played SC2VN then this game is a prequel with the antagonist, Bolt, as the focus point. There are other characters you will recognise from the SC2VN cast but I won't mention those here to allow for the story to introduce them to you. The game shows the struggles of a pro player whether they are successful or not and especially to those who didn't know about it already shines a light into the environment that the KPGA (the in game version of KeSPA) created.  As a starcraft fan and player it would be fair to say that my view is rather biased however I feel that I can still recommend this game regardless. Have fun getting the 10apm achievement though, it's a lot slower than it seems :P
More of the same as the first one with improved UI, functions and gameplay. Highly recommended if you liked that one.
An excellent blend of gameplay and visual novel. I love the esports scene and this game really captures the essence of it along with good character driven moments. Can recommend to every esports fan wanting to learn about the early scene. Great work!
I need to leave this here so I don't forget.  This is it, the much awaited prequel to SC2VN.  If you haven't read SC2VN, it's free and you can get it on steam. I strongly recommend it before this one as it sets the backdrop for a lot of things.  I have a review for that game as well, but I won't steer you towards it. I have no intention of making this one as longwinded as that one was, but basically: it's worth it. Even if you've never played a day of Starcraft in your life, the game still manages to give you enough explanation and world building to involve every would-be reader.  There is a great APM minigame that feels much more robust and engaging than the SC2VN "choose your answer", and can actually feel as engaging as trying to learn real Starcraft. And the Starsense system serves as a nice medium to read deeper into conversations and the reasonings that drive these characters.  The writer has already done a lot of firefighting to remedy the inevitable typos and other errors that were present in the original script, as well as various bugs thanks to readers' attention and meticulous review on his part. You can tell the entire development team put a lot of love into it.  What's left is a very polished product and a great legacy for English visual novels. This is a read that will probably span a spectrum of a couple days, but "short but sweet" doesn't even begin to do this work justice. If you care at all about e-sports, the struggles of competition, or are merely curious about the subject of Korean Starcraft and pro-gaming; this novel is for you.
You can't but love the characters and you can't but feel the very strange, unique sweet bitternes while playing this game. It's a great story, it's bold - it sort of never gives you what you would expect to get. It's painfully honest with the player (or, maybe, this is because I've gotten some unfortunate ending? Not sure if there's more than one, to be fair, but would be reasonable to expect so). I loved it, and the devs clearly love it too.
As someone who had been following Starcraft since 2007 all the way until proleague got axed (rip),  This vn really felt like a trip down memory lane. The guys at Team Eleven got everything right, the references, the dumb names, the gameplay.  I don't know how accessible this vn is to people who weren't around to experience the old days, but as an OG, it really hits close to home. I'm very happy with my impulse purchase.
A great story helps provide a background milieu around what it is actually like to be involved in esports. It doesn't ever fall into any tropes and has a strong emotional pull. If you enjoy any esports, this game will give you a narrative journey into how professional players think and feel and give you a sense of why esports holds such a special place in the hearts of so many people.
Incredibly polished considering the engine it was built on, and provides some insight to the inner workings of the Starcraft pro scene. A must buy for visual novel fans or e-sports fans, if only to remember those who are still fighting, and those who are no longer with us.
Whereas the original SC2VN was merely just a fan-project, this prequel is a full-fledged EVN with a more complete writing and story elements. It takes a nice off-route of a classic talented underdog experience and the fact that it also focuses on the rougher side of being a pro-gamer makes it a very nice read for any interested in this hobby. Well looking, well written and without any noticeable technical shortcoming, I hereby proclaim that Don't Forget Our Esports Dream is definitely one of the better EVNs to ever come out. If you're a fan of esports, and especially if you're a fan of Startraft, this VN is a very recommened read that very well might pleasantly suprise you.
Have been waiting for this game a long time, and I must say that it's fairly decent. The characters are pretty neat, the music and artwork are both quite beautiful, and the story is awesome!  ( More coming shortly, had to write something for the steam reward )
This is a fun VN that is about 6 hours long (depending on how fast you read) and this is a prequel to their free one. It would have been nice if they had more Starcraft games played out in the tournaments because it seems a lot of the matches that happen in the VN do not get anything more a sentence stating that Person A won the match or Person B lost the match sentence. I will say that I also didn't really like the endings for winning or losing (losing seems to be canon).  Side note: Found out you have to left or right click certain hotkeys.
First thing's first - this is a prequel to SC2VN, which is short, free, and comes highly recommended if you ever took Starcraft the least bit seriously, or if you have a basic understanding of Starcraft and have ever competed in any esport. Don't Forget Our Esports Dream provides major insight into the backstory and motivations of some of its predecessor's characters, as well as some insight into a time when esports, as an industry, was still in its fledgling years outside of Korea. Bottom line up front: If you like SC2VN, you'll probably like this game. If you don't like SC2VN for reasons other than "Brood War was better," you probably won't like this game.  As visual novels go, this one's also on the shorter end (though longer and broader in scope than its predecessor), but I mostly enjoyed the way it told its story, and there are only a few things that I felt would benefit from elaboration anyway. (Edit: my high playtime is from misinterpreting the "Asleep at the Wheel" achievement and leaving the game on for like 8 hours lol.)  Pros: -The dev team took great pains to include some actual gameplay in this one, in the form of simulated production cycles, reaver micro, and 1-a-click-2-a-click-3-a-click-style army engagements. (With psionic storm hotkeys here and there, because you're playing as Bolt, the Protoss.) It's not the same as playing an RTS, but it does a great job of breaking up the monotony of a several-hour read. -The writing, for what it's worth, feels somehow authentic. I've lived in Korea before, and either someone on the writing team has too, or they have Korean contacts. The allusions to Korean daily life and history don't feel forced. The social pressure to get into a good school, for example - it's far heavier there than it is in the US. It goes without saying that the oldschool Brood War days are represented accurately, as well. -The story drops some Real Talk about esports here and there. It also managed to actually surprise me a few times. And the comic relief is mostly solid. (Didn't expect FGC memes about Smashers to pop up in a Brood War story.) -You don't actually NEED to understand Starcraft to understand this story. First and foremost, it's a story about what goes through the minds of people pursuing their passion at all costs.  Cons: -If you played the original game, you kinda know how this prequel "ends" for its protagonist. And that makes it harder to stay attached to him at times. (Speaking of which, Mach is canonically a girl now? But, muh self-insert!) Minor complaint. -A few things felt like they could have been expanded upon. Again, this complaint is mostly minor, but some of the stuff I'd have liked to read more about is left to the player's imagination. -For the average person reading a VN about Starcraft, this is probably irrelevant. But I remember hearing about the codex feature being expanded on, and the initial idea for the battle system, and thinking that this game might address one of SC2VN's flaws - it might take the chance to indoctrinate newcomers into the complicated battlefield that serves as its backdrop early on, then allow them to apply that knowledge through the minigame sequences, so that they'd feel more invested and less out of place during match sequences. Using a few beginner/outsider perspectives, some of the surface level concepts and classic strategies do get covered, but there was potential for more.
Predecessor made me pick up StarCraft II and this one makes me want to try Brood War.  Engaging read, wholly recommend both this game and SC2VN - The eSports Visual Novel.
[While I do have mixed opinions on the latter half of the games story, I'm keeping this review spoiler free and focusing on it as a whole.]  Cat girls, demon girls, vampire girls, Starcraft gir-.. Starcraft?  You heard that right, Starcraft. In the sea of visual novels being pumped out on the regular to fufill, lets face it, an unending primal instinct, a gem like Don't Forget Our Esports Dream is unearthed.   Tackling a world unknown to a majority of the population, DFOED handles itself amazingly well despite it being the second (as far as I am aware) outting for Team Eleven. While I was never a Starcraft I player, I dipped my toes into the sequel for a time and.. this game actually made it feel a lot more fun.  Don't Forget Our Esports Dream plays like you would expect of a visual novel. Countless words painting a vivid picture for a world that you can lose yourself in, from the humble beginnings to the satisfying conclusions. If you've played a visual novel before, you'll know what to expect during these segments. The writing is good, and I didn't find myself having many complaints with grammar or coherency as I played.  Played- A term thats arguably absent for many Visual Novels. Team Eleven has taken an interesting twist; however, in the form of simulating the famous macro'ing you've probably heard about at least once if you're an avid gamer. APM- Actions per minute, and during the moments where you, as the player, are facing off against key opponents will have to mimic some of the basic actions a pro knows like the back of their hand.  Initially I thought these moments would be gimmicky, but I actually found myself enjoying these 1a-click-2a-click moments. They handled them fairly well, and there were a number of moments where the music cranked to 11 and I even got goosebumps as I fufilled the role as a starcraft pro. If you're an experienced Starcraft player you might find these lackluster, but I personally enjoyed the pivotal moments that got my blood rushing to my head as I fully immersed myself in the story.  But whether your experienced or not, they've made sure to include a way for you to find the things out that you might not know about through the use of the CODEX and "Star Sense", a non-instrusive way for you to prompt questions or reply to other characters at certain points to elaborate or find out what they might think about certain things. This is entirely optional from what I experienced, but I couldn't help but pursue every line of questioning to find more out about the scene and the characters themselves.  The only negatives I want to point out were a couple of bugs, all in the form of the minigames. Quickly reloading during the 'minigames' would often render the part impassable, as the circles would simply disappear and would force me to hard restart the game for them to appear again. Sometimes, this didn't even fix it, which forced me to revert to an early save. Easily recreatable, I imagine this could also be easily be fixed.  If you enjoy Visual Novels and video games, this ones a bargain at its price point. Whether accurate or not, it was an enjoyable read and I do look forward to future titles from this developer. Team Eleven, you've got yourself a new fan.
It's a mastapeece. Required reading for anybody that wants to do anything related to esports imo.
So far this is the best game about esports and one of the best visual novels that I played. Great job!
cyka blyat
A great faithful revamp of a beat em up roguelite that adds a tiny bit of content (4 new secret bosses) alongside a leaderboard system and better controller support.
not a review, just an opinion of the first 15 minutes of gameplay.  played the short tutorial and the first stage, died at boss 1... its fun!! ^^ i think, i will play it a lot.  the pixelart is really nice, the controls (with controller) are direct. there are 3 different modes with their own leaderboards.  so i did not well in my first run... 709 points... the best players have over 30.000 ^^  do i recommed it? of course YES!
I remember a time when I would my family would go out to eat and there was a couple of arcade games in the back of the restaurant. I would waste a lot of quarters on the beat’em ups if I could get any quarters from my parents, and I have very vivid memories of those beat’em ups. Streets of Red: Devil’s Dare Deluxe brings me back to those arcade games with some of the funniest and craziest gameplay. There are plenty of easter eggs that recall some of those older beat'em ups.  I really enjoyed this game because it was such a well-developed game. The controls are responsive and easy to learn, and the different modes are fun and challenging. I really liked playing this with my son, and I think that's really how someone should experience this game. Streets of Red is really good for couch co-op with up to four players. Even after several hours of gameplay, I feel like Streets of Red is as fun as it was at the beginning.  I was disappointed by the limited color palette. I also wish that there was online co-op, but overall this game is worth buying.
better than itself.  [h1][b] ✮✮✮✮☆ [/b][/h1]
is being fun the short time I played, but for the love of ODIN... get this working coop online!!!
I streamed this on my channel and decided to go through the casual mode thinking I can get a cool ending. NOPE! it teases me and I have to go through the game again on arcade mode. Currently Having fun with survival mode which I got to wave 7 before I got eaten by zombies.   Lots of fun. References horror/action movies. And It's cool grabbing money bags.
Entertaining side scrolling beat'em up with references to earlier games like Super Ghouls n' Ghosts, Final Fantasy 6, Legend of Zelda, etc. Not just for gaming nostalgia fans, it has loads of references to horror films like Friday the 13th, Aliens, The Fly, and more. Branching paths and varied upgrade options keep multiple playthroughs from becoming repetitive. Loads of fun with a friend or more in split-screen co-op, as well.
This can't be happening. 2 weeks ago my wife is asking me to look for games we can play together especially those of my childhood variant and I was thinking street of rage. This scratches that itch. Golden axe, street of rage, double dragon lovers, this might be 1 for you, It's worth every penny.  Beware: plenty of gore and maybe some disturbing mobs
Update to the original game for PC called Devil's Dare, this new deluxe edition was first released on consoles ps4 and Switch, the devs being awesome gave this new deluxe version for free to those who supported them buying the first PC version. Amazingly challenging and addictive roguelite beat them up specially on local coop up to 4 players, with tons of references that you'll recognize right away.
[i] Streets of Red [/i] is a very good PC port of an older beat'em up. It has controller binding, achievements, leaderboards, and a save system that allows you to resume your arcade progress, additionally to having multiple save slots. There are a few different modes such as casual, classic and expert that will accommodate your skill level. The game features 6 playable characters that have 3 unique abilities per individual that can be upgraded to gain special modifications. The gold is also used to revive your character so it creates a nice balance between risk, upgrades and final score.  The combat system is actually very good. Not only you can juggle enemies in the air, but you can also cancel most of the attacks with special moves, extending combos in the process. I thought the difficulty was very good because the visuals were intuitive. The bosses did not have any attacks that I could not anticipate, and my special moves worked consistently against all enemies. It took me only two tries to complete the game on classic mode, so it's not particularly hard. While the game only has 4 stages, you will get new environments based on the order in which you play them.   [h1] Pros: [/h1]  + 6 unique characters  + good combat system with upgrades + different modes & leaderboards + stages change based on the order + can rebind controller + local co-op + achievements & funny references  [h1] Cons: [/h1]  - if the game does well, I would like to see online co-op  [b] Overall Thoughts: 9/10 [/b]   The combat system is very responsive, the characters feel different and replay value is very high. Personal preferences aside, it's probably the most complete beat'em up I ever played when it comes to gameplay features. Also, I was laughing through the entire arcade because there are so many awesome references.  [code]For more Hidden-Gems: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/31294838-Hidden-Gem-Discovery/ [/code]
Honestly a great RTS Game all in all. The mechanics and controls are tailored to almost perfection!  I can't give a single wrong of a game that was tailored upon the Warcraft series. I feel this game even improves where Warcraft had issues!  If You like RTS games and are a fan of the Warcraft series, give Loria a spin, And you'll love it! :DDD
I would give this a loose Recommendation and I mostly focused on the campaign, but overall it's still ok.   The main gripe I have with this game is that it feels extremely ridged mechanically. Your gold income is extremely fixed and enemy waves are also fairly predictable. As such, it feels like you are forced to turtle at the start of every game, only able to move out after they attack first. Also, trying to scout around is generally prohibited, as there's usually something that can easily overwhelm a scout or a small group. Moreover, since your gold income is fixed, any loses to your scouting group removes potential defenders once the enemy waves come in, forcing you to spend more gold re-enforcing everything.                  To put it another way, it feels like there's a theoretical timer/"rubber-band-effect" between when you can move out & attack the enemy and when you have to defend. So, if you lose any units, that timer is extended, making a lot of this a waiting game unit you have a critical mass of units.    A possible but difficult feature to implement solution would be to remove the Warcraft 3 5-villager limit on the gold and change it to W2's unlimited number of clipping villagers collecting gold. This would change quite a bit, however with the W3's upkeep system in place, you still have to balance worker-to-military ratio, making a larger workforce viable but not overpowered.     I also would like to see higher amounts of gold in the mines, allowing for more leniency if your main attack force fails. While I've only gotten close to this scenario, I can easily see someone lose their army on a massive push and immediately afterwards, their gold mine runs out. They would have to restart the level, waiting through that theoretical timer again, which is frustrating.          One sentence summary: It's a solid Warcraft 2 cousin with Warcraft 3 elements that just needs a little more polish.
Loria is a very good Warcraft 2 Clone with some exceptions.  U can buy or earn items for ur heroes, ur heroes can level up to a maxlvl of 10 like in Warcraft 3, u can upgrade ur heroes abilities and each hero has 3 specialattacks u can also upgrade.  The game has a nice campaign and Storyline. The only thing i really miss are some cutscenes like in Warcraft 2. If u like Warcraft and Retrostrategygames 15 Euro are good invested.  9/10
It's like Warcraft II with mechanics of Warcraft III, this game is absolute unit.  + graphics  + sound design + campaign   - Some occasional bugs  4,5/5 would eat that ass again
Have only just bought this game but I already really enjoy it. Harks back to Warcraft 2 (I really wish Blizzard would remaster that game dammit!)  Love the humor and the gameplay, again, a real classic formula which I love. The tilesets are so close to Warcraft 2 it's boardering on copyright infringement lol, but I really love the art style, just so good, and again, a classic looking game. Top down RTS has always been a favorite of mine.  Highly recommend this for anyone missing or wishing for the older Warcraft games. Blizzard is gonna lose out big if they don't remaster the older games.  Hope to play the Chaos missions someday. Awesome game! - OK I think that's enough Awesomes and Warcraft comparisons haha.  Get it now.
this game is freakin amazing
Like most RTS old school gamers I enjoyed Warcraft II back in the day, so this tribute to Blizzard’s masterpiece is a pleasant journey to the past. If you enjoy traditional real-time strategies and don’t mind cover versions sounding almost the same as the originals, give Loria a try. https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1670622159 https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1674484692
Very enjoyable.
Excellent game. The RTS genre is my favorite but I had gotten bored of it til I played this game. Its super retro and reminiscent of the Warcraft 2 & 3. The developer is very responsive and great. It also has a few funny moments. Totally worth buying for the campaign if you like WC 2 & 3.
warcraft 2 + warcraft 3. They said multiplayer is coming. It's great!
Loria is a love letter to Warcraft 2 and Warcraft 3. Here's my review of the campaign:  Pros: *Main character for the Order campaign, Dalt, has more charisma than any Warcraft character has ever had. Seriously, his personality and voice acting are fantastic. *Game is decently balanced. Order has better heroes and has Clerics, whereas Chaos has tougher melee units and an overpowered endgame flyer in the Manticore. Chaos feels stronger overall, but not by much. *There's decent mission diversity; go in and destroy the enemy bases, defend for X minutes, as well as a few missions where you need to carefully control a squad of units without a base. Difficulty is well balanced too. *With a few exceptions (*cough* Corpse Explosion), hero skills are useful and fun to use.  Cons: *Item system for heroes looks like it was added as an afterthought and mostly just offers some small stat boosts, there's no real depth to it. *Quality Assurance drops down as you advance in the campaign, with the english getting somewhat more broken, and the quality and quantity of story and dialogue dropping sharply *One significant balance pain point is towers and siege units; they're both pretty overpowered. In the first Chaos mission, where you don't get siege units and need to take down a base with towers, the only way I managed to succeed was by building offensive towers of my own, because my units were simply incapable of handling both the enemy units and the enemy towers together. *The main Chaos hero has no personality or charisma and is a giant drag to play as after the delight of playing as Dalt in the Order campaign.  Verdict: Loria is very much an indie title. If you play it through to the end, expect to see a fair amount of broken english, some small but significant balance problems, as well as some annoying bugs, like how buildings get cancelled and you get no resources refunded if you load a game where a building was in construction. In my case I even encountered one game-breaking bug which made me have to restart a stage because the stage objectives failed to load, and after destroying every single enemy building I realized I didn't have a win condition.  If you can look past those flaws, and you loved Warcraft 2 and Warcraft 3 like I did, I recommend you give this game a try. It scratched an RTS itch I had, and that's enough for me.
couldn't get WC3 i got this instead and i don't regret a bit, it is a really good change of pace even tho it is really like WC2/3 and really fun to play, can't wait for the multiplayer to come
I felt in love with this game from the first view. As somebody, who grown up playing Blizzard RTS games, I couldn't stand the charm of graphics and gameplay and bought the game. And my money were complete worth it.   [u]Story and campaign:[/u] Game brings player to the world of Loria, a kingdom of Order fighting the war against the armies of Chaos. We follow the adventures of one of the lords of Loria, meeting friends and enemies, finding our way through. The campaign consist of 16 missions, 8 for each race, and gradually introduces us to new units and increases in difficulty.  [u]Graphics and UI:[/u] Camera follows units from above bringing us to the setting of the early RTS games like WC 1,2 or Dune. Units are detailed and can be easily distinguished and are big enough to be selected. User interface unites best modern qualities with old-styled icons, the optimal mixture for this game, from my point of view.  [u]Music and Voice acting:[/u] Another major advantage of this game is the music and voice acting in the dialogs. From the first minute in the game, while listening to the intro, I followed the Dalt's character, his behavior and was right to expect much from game. During the gameplay, you can listen to the nice old-styled music, which brings that nostalgic feeling of epic.   [u]Gameplay and units roster:[/u] You have regular melee and ranged units as well as casters and heroes. Each unit has its attack and defense type making it strong or weak against others. Units can level up in the combat, what makes them more powerful and more valuable to you. Some of units are flyers and might cause a great problem if you are not ready, Heroes level up, obtain new abilities and characteristics, pick up items (similarly to WC3). Each race has different units and abilities, what gives player choice options. Unfortunately, game does not has multiplayer yet, but as far as I undersood, it is one of the milestones. Would be interesting to play against others.  [u]Developers feedback:[/u] It is cool to see, how developers react to players feedback and improve the game or discuss the possible ways of further game development. One great upvote for this.    Overall, I would recommend Loria. No meter if you like strategies, enjoy the oldscool epic or just want to try something new. Do it, open the world of Loria and will not regret it.
This game brings me back to the good old days when gaming was still fun. I can recommend it to everyone who likes a good strategy / indie with a nice story to it.  The game itself feels great, the controls and the behavior are known well because it's comparable with the old games like warcraft 2 and 3 which I played so many times. Comparable to those games this is also a bit harder to play, for instance I never died in normal when playing warcraft 3 but story mode, but in this game I died at least twice. (or maybe i'm just getting rusty ;-)).
Loria is a charming real-time strategy game which reminds me of my childhood when I've spent some of my time with playing the well known RTS classics. Loria is clearly created with love it's overall a very polished experience with smooth and fun gameplay.
Loria is a game lovingly inspired by the RTS classics, while at the same time possessing the conveniences of a modern RTS. It is clearly a labor of love, and is nicely polished - the gameplay is smooth, the voiceovers are quite professional, and the game counts with beautiful pixel art icons.
The pathfinding in the game is worse than google maps without service. Other than having to watch out for your units running halfway across the map to avoid hitting a pebble, the game is rather good.
There are alot of terrible RTS'es out there...but this one aint one of em! I love it!
After finishing few missions of Loria, I must say: finally something for classic RTS fans!  Loria seems like a game that immediately evokes childhood memories of playing games like Warcraft, Command & Conquer and other RTS classics, when the genre was at it's peak. Yet, it brings something fresh, something new, something that one just expects from the game made in the current age. The controls are way more refined than in those titles made 2 decades ago. The graphics are fresh, voice acting is decent and funny, music nostalgic, but perfectly matching the visuals. The missions are not just straightfoward "attack and destroy", but often include elements from rpg/dungeon game genres. Oh, and the AI is much more advanced and unpredicatble than the AI opponents in those old classics.  Lastly, for those calling for the missing multiplayer, you obviously didn't get the point of this game. This is about the story, about restarting the same mission over and over on the hard level until you get that sweet dopamine release from deserved victory. This is about those long nights alone staring at the screen and trying to complete one more mission before sleep.
one of the best RTS in years ! Love this game play !
Loria is fun, nostalgic and well executed for an Indy title. Skirmish mode is fun (unfortunately, no multiplayer yet, just AI). I like the style, gameplay, artwork, animations, voice acting, music. This is an easy purchase if you liked Warcraft 1, 2, 3. It’s most like what I would want from a Warcraft II reforged (an old school RTS with updated controls and mechanics). It features a great campaign mode and an editor that is a great start. I've wanted to play this kind of game for many years as I still play War2 and War3 all the time. Gameplay feels like Warcraft RTS with gathering wood and gold for resources and a great upgrading system but also with many modern updates such as character leveling up and items, etc.   CONS:  No multiplayer support yet and please add a setting to "Hide health bars when at full health" - also I have found a few minor visual bugs, but the developer is open to fixing them and seems very active in updates.   If you're into RTS this is a must play as I highly recommend it! 
A good throwback to the yesteryears of classic RTS gaming. Gameplay is solid, plays like Warcraft 2 with characters that look like theyre from Warcraft 3 with appropriately bombastic personalities for the more major characters  The RTS gameplay is very well rounded and feels just like Warcraft 2/3 with gathering 2 major resources and a 3rd for population along with your building requirements and upgrading system to boost attack or defenses of certian units.  Going into the campaign it has heros that for sure act and play like Warcraft 3 with characters leveling up persisting through each map.  The setting and the characters arent extremelly dark and overall feels like a super fun session of D&D with the over the top personalities of the main cast, at least from the Good side  The musical score isnt something thatll win awards but its certianly within the spirit and realm of Warcraft 2 with its use of midi-esque musics youd likely hear from the old days of gaming in the 90s.  Id reccomend it if you have 19$ to spare and want to relive Warcraft 2
Warcraft 2 and Warcraft 3 had a baby.   Loria is the child. If that style of game is what you're after, Loria offers just what you're looking for. Well polished game with excellent voice acting.  Highly recommend!
Awesome game. love it alot. Just the kind of game i was looking for.
Hello RTS my old friend  This new RTS is openly a shout out to the great RTS games of old and it shows in what for me as an extremely fun game.  My only criticism with this game is that the asking price is high; I fully understand that indy games have limited budgets and sometimes it is  better to see if the game will sell well before deciding to create servers for multiplayer (and sometimes it isn't even a choice) but I fear that the developers created a catchj 22 for themselves  Now being honest about the review I love Warcraft 2 and I was shocked by the game not feeling just like Warcraft 2 and think these really did make it feel more original than expected.  1. There are autocast spells which is something that never existed in Warcraft 2.  2. The roster is rearranged in a way that makes the factions play differently. For example in Warcraft 2 it was Knight-Paladin Paladin had healing and you had to order each heal. Now there is an autocast on a weak elven priestess making it a different feel. The Knight also shows up later without any spellbreakers making the swordsman more important. I won't bore you with every detail but the new roster makes the game feel more original.  There are more details but I thought I was wasting my money on a little nod to old rts games when this game feels a lot more original than it is. The Warcarft influences are obvious which is why I was pleasantly surprised by the new feel.  I would charge less for this but at the same time I can't deny having fun in a silly world.
Loria is an interesting game that uses the nostalgia factor of classic RTS as a jumping off point to build upon with some very experience-enhancing quality of life improvements and unique gameplay elements. An excellent way to kill time for a person who spent times with similar games when they were in vogue.  The biggest problem is, to my mind, some of the odd grammar that comes as a result of the non-English native dev. But it's really nothing.
Honestly a little bit rough. Not as optimzed or fluid as i expected, but maybe it will improve with polishment. Screen size seems a bit small for my tastes and unit pathfinding is not actually terrible but units will sometimes get stuck. As a game its great, its a bit on the harder side and beating missions often require a bit a turtling so you army can actually beat the enemy base, but fun none the less. Feels very balanced unit wise, with sure, some units like Manticores a bit OP, some other units not as good as the others but otherwise a well done game. I love the way units also level up giving it a but more depth as you want to save your veterans and heroes are a bit less central than in WC3, which for me is good. If you like WC3 and WC2 you most likely enjoy it. Its missing multiplayer i belive (tou there is skirimish against the AI) but the campaing missions, while may not be the most inovative or creative will still keep you on your toes as the AI can be very competent and cheeky, going as far as sending flyers to kill workers. Setting is generic but well done, feels more like Warhammer (fantasy) than WC, but i also like this aspect. Dont expect a high quality polished game, but the potential for improvment is there because the core is very good, but i would say for its price, it is very worth as it is.
I'm currently enjoying the game 4.5 hours in. If you do what i like to do and slam your army into the enemy, you'll find it a bit difficult haha. This game has a mix of new RTS functions and old RTS looks. If you like Warcraft 2 and 3 you'll like this game. I have experienced a couple bugs but nothing so gamebreaking yet. Your heroes level like Warcraft 3 which is pretty cool. I lok forward to finishing the game :) (If i can find it in myself to stop being a massive scrub and stop losing my armies)  Tip: the game get so much easier once you have a second mine.
A great tribute to classic WarCraft games, with a unique story and spoken dialogue. Definitely a passion project, one that I have been following since its IndieGoGo days, so don't treat this like an asset flip or cash grab because it's been years in the making!
Fun little game inspired by Warcraft, now more than ever i want a Warcraft 2 Tides of Darkness
The game is a lot of fun, and it has some very unique mechanics that make this game special. It is heavily inspired by the Warcraft series and the game succeeds at what it does.   The campaign is fun to play, I liked the level design which reminded me of Warcraft 2.   The developer (yes, it is just one!) is a nice guy, and puts a lot of effort into this game.  Sadly he has exhausted his financial means to build multiplayer, but he has promised to do so, after 3000 sales have been made. Apparently a ton of people have the game already on their wishlist, but are not buying it. If you want to see mulitplayer in this game, you should support it.
Gives the nostalgic feeling of Warcraft 2 with similar music, units and strategies plus the hero system from Warcraft 3. It's fun to play but brings nothing new. Recomended for those who enjoyed Warcraft 1, 2 and 3 and anyone who likes strategy games in general with retro/2d graphics. As someone who played a lot of Warcraft 2 as a kid, I'm loving to play the campaign. Not recomended for those who want complex strategy games (not many factions, simple base building and trivial resource management) or for those who want something original or with fancy 3D graphics. Note that there is no multiplayer (yet).
No multiplayer yet, but the game has a very solid base, very reminiscent of the Warcraft 2. Controls are very familiar if you are used to blizzard RTS controls.
I've only played a couple of levels so far in this game but I love it. It appeals to the old school RTS games out there. A great game for those wanting to play an older RTS style game like wc2 and such.
Good spiritual successor to Warcraft 2 and 3, but the only problem is the lack of multiplayer whether its lan or online.  I really don't want to see this game to fail, but I think multiplayer will be the only thing to save it.
Having played this for a little over an hour I am gonna give my first impressions of the game and I am gonna start with the negatives.  I do not care for the music. A good score usually is what sells me on a game and I am sorry to the composer but I have yet to hear anything that got stuck in my head. It wasn't offensive, don't get me wrong. Just nothing gripped me. Sound design and Voice acting were a bit weak as well. Some of the voice work I liked but some of it... kind of took me out of the game a bit.  Positives  This game plays like a mixture of Warcraft 2 and Warcraft 3, and a mixture of most of the strongest aspects of both. A lot of time and effort and a lot of heart and care were very very very clearly put into this and it shows. If you had a basic understanding of most oldschool RTS games around that era of gaming, you'll be able to pick this up very quickly. The game is pleasing to look at and has a lot of the charm Warcraft 2 did visually, but with the advantages of current technology. The game runs smoothly, (at least on my machine) and I ran into very few, if any, hiccups with it the entire time I played.   As far as I have played, Chaos seems a bit strong as the game currently is, but this may just be my experience against the AI thus far and I eagerly await multiplayer  I strongly recommend this game to anyone who was a fan of Warcraft 2. 
Warcraft 1 and 2 clone.  Good way to kill an afternoon.
Excellent game if you are looking for a classic RTS experience. The game feels like Warcraft 3 done on Warcraft 2 with some extra cool features like troops that can level up and much more! 
Worth a buy for the nostalgia. Still needs a bit of polish (tree felling doens't leave a mark - I wasn't even sure the trees were being removed initially). This is a decent approximation of Warcraft 2, though lacking the charm (this game doesn't take itself too seriously whereas Warcraft did at the top level, though the humour was there below). Not sure if there is a map editor - there needs to be really if this is to really fly.  The campaign seems quite well designed (I've only done a couple of missions) with a mixture of traditional base buiilding and more hero-led missions. Hero units exist but are not as central as they are in Warcraft 3 (battles don't revolve around the heros with their death being in many cases the end of the battle).  Two factions so far, hopefully more will come in the future (though as an homage it is correct considering only Alliance and Horde existed in Warcraft 2).  I'm hoping that the developer has a successful launch and that they are able to continue to work on this.  
First impressions are good.  It's a solid RTS with heroes, knights, monsters and magic.  It does a good job of bridging the gap between old school RTS games like Command & Conquer, Warcraft II, and new school RTS  WCIII & Starcraft II.
Loria is an RTS game in an age where the genre is mostly centered around Starcraft and Warcraft, two extremely old blizzard games. Loria wears it's inspiration on its sleeve, looking, sounding and playing very much like an updated Warcraft 2, and for that, I love it. It really does stratch the nostalgic itch that I had for that game. It might be similar to Warcraft 2, but it brings a lot of modern inprovements, such as being able to select a total of 24 units rather than 9, pathing improvements (although it still feels very Warcraft 2 like).  The campaign so far, (I'm only 3 levels in so keep that in mind) has been fairly easy going, in the sense that I have not been instantly crushed by an AI that builds and gathers resources 3 times the speed of sound like in Warcraft 2. It is still challenging, don't get me wrong, but so far the level of challenge has been just right. Dalt is a fairly interesting character in just how full of himself he is. This is clearly not a game that takes itself seriously in the slightest.  Skirmish mode only has a few maps, however the Developer has said that more are coming, and I look forward to seeing that they are like. The 2 I have played so far are decent maps, although the first time I played I got stomped (user error, not game error), so I have not had a proper look around yet. I can't speak for the Meta of a single player game, but the maps so far seem balanced enough for my tastes. The AI seems fine as well. At least for captain rubbish-at-video-games over here.   The Two factions, Order and Chaos, also take a lot of inspiration from the Humans and Orcs of the afformentioned games. Order has access to a lot of human and elven (called Fey in this game), from the fast and damaging knights to the hyppogriphs that can be ridden for ranged support or anti-air, to the magical flying gunboats for both anti-air and siege. The fairly demonic looking Chaos troops are similar, but their main difference is in the unique upgrades and spells. For example, the Order have a farly good healer in the form of the cleric, meanwhile Chaos prefer to raise their dead troops into skeletons. I tend to prefer Chaos (Manticores appear to be extremely powerful), but both sides perform well. The Heroes do fairly ok as well, with inventories for carrying usable items or passive benefits, and their special abilities are generally useful to certain situations. The heroes don't seem as tanky as in Warcraft 3, however with this game you have the added bonus of assigning their attributes like in Diablo, with 5 points per level, rather than the forced attribute gain in Warcraft. If you want a Tanky Mage/Necromancer, you go right ahead. In that sense, I kind of prefer it. The Heroes are a bit more flexible.   It will take some time to get used to certain things. For example, the Attributes do not have hover over tooltips, so you will have to figure out what they do yourself. Doesn't take long to get a basic idea, but a little pop up stating exactly what it does would be a nice addition. Same with the Attack damage and Armour. The infomaniac in me wanted a little more information on what each type of attack was good against, how effective the armour was etc, but like I just said that is more a personal preference thing. The UI in general serves it's purpose well enough. Although apparently improvements are on route, so I will see what that brings. (EDIT 20:43 28/11/18 : The UI Improvements have been added, and the Attributes, and Attack and Armour areas now have all the information I wanted. Thanks Dev!)  One minor gripe I had is the with the Unity Launcher. If you wanted to change the controls, they are all mislabled, and you have to do it in the launcher, rather than having a dedicated part of the options menu (unless I am blind and missed in, in which case I will be happy to correct myself). I am not too familier with completed projects in Unity myself, but it might be worth either adding a proper options menu entry for it, or changing the labels in the launcher.   There are also a few typos, grammatical errors and spelling errors here and there in the english translation (comming soon instead of coming soon in the maps list for example). Though this doesn't take away from the overall experience and I still get the idea of what is being said. Keep in mind that the Developer doesn't appear to be a native english speaker (Judging by the Slovak Arts council thing on the main menu), so don't hold it against them.  Overall. I think the game, even in its current, just released, state is a fun experience. It definately captures the feel of its inspiration, and despite a few minor issues that don't really detract anything (the one bug I have encountered, where my worker got stuck in the building it just constructed, has been fixed already according to the update log,) its a decent purchase for any fans of older RTS games. Good work Developers, and I look forward to those improvments and new maps.
Essential for old-school RTS fans, and anyone starved of a good continuation to the Warcraft style games. The factions are not only very balanced, but the game is also technically very well tailored, and the Tech Trees prvide some asymmetry while not sacrificing faction counters or balance.  We needed this!
+1  Yup, this is some good sp rts fun! Highly recommend giving it a try.
[b] Loria [/b] is essentially a Warcraft 2 parody, but it also borrows a few ideas from Warcraft 3, such as hero altars and auto-casting. Each of the 2 factions has 3 playable heroes that can gain levels and unlock new abilities. You can even fight neutral camps around the map that will drop different artifacts, pretty much what we had in Warcraft 3. Since the game does not have a multiplayer at the moment, you will have to rely on the single player campaign which is relatively enjoyable. It has a skirmish mode but it does not have many maps, and there is no incentive to practice without PvP. I actually think that voice acting is pretty good, considering that it's RTS game from some indie dev. Most of the units and heroes have some voice lines, and they are not as cheesy as you would expect. Overall I would say that this game is probably better than the original Warcraft 2 - kind of the same but more complex.  Actually, the last time I played Warcraft 2 was probably 20 something years ago, playing the campaign on my PS1 XD (yea back when people played RTS on consoles). If I recall correctly the factions in Warcraft 2 were basically identical aside from some active abilities; Loria's factions are very similar but there are some slight differences in terms of stats and spells (and unique heroes obviously). I would say that Loria has a lot more potential for unique PvP builds if the developer manages to add ranked multiplayer. So far this game has a nice variety of missions: surviving until time runs out, using a limited amount of units to clear the map, and generic base vs base RTS gameplay. For the most part, the UI is tolerable, although there are some tiny problems like the lack of information on stats. The only part that I dislike is the detail in the environment, the units and buildings look good, but some of the scenery pieces look like they came from a different game. The art style is not consistent, although I do like the music.  [h1] Pros: [/h1]  + very nostalgic gameplay if you loved WC 2&3 + 3 hero units for each faction + you can choose stats and unlock new spells + regular units can level up + decent voice acting and soundtrack + neutral monsters with artifacts + fun campaign  [h1] Cons: [/h1]  - no multiplayer (yet) - the art style is not consistent  - UI could use some improvements  [b] Overall Thoughts: 8/10 [/b]  I always wanted Diablo 2 and Warcraft 2&3 on Steam, but it is not going to happen. Loria is good enough of a parody to replicate a WC2 experience without leaving Steam, which is good enough for me. I say buy this game so it's tied to your account, just in case something happens to it <.<. Obviously, a game like this could really benefit from having a multiplayer, preferably with a Ranked system . Honestly, I think it is a little overpriced considering its poor art consistency and the lack of multiplayer, but I am having fun with a campaign (although I definitely have nostalgia glasses).  [code]Review By: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/31294838-Hidden-Gem-Discovery/ [/code]
Good RTS for people who liked 90s RTS games, good games don't need to be in 3D, 2D is a very good choice for indie developers, there is a selection limit up to 24 units which most of the time not noticeable. this game have campaign for the two factions and skirmish mode vs AI currently have 5 maps more maps coming as promised by the developer.
Yup, this is indeed a love child between Warcraft 2 and Warcraft 3.  [u][b]Performance & bugs:[/b][/u] Thanks to the nostalgic look, this game does not require a powerfull system to run and I personally did not encounter any game breaking bugs yet. Others have, but that's normal. Depending on your operating system and hardware, user specific bugs can occur in any game. Still, the developer is paying great attention to bug reports and suggestions and is working hard to fix them all and make improvements when the demand is reasonable.  [u][b]The game overall:[/b][/u] It looks, sounds, feels and plays just like Warcraft 2, but with a nice HD update. Units can get clogged up every now and then due to the pathfinding that is normal in 2D RTS games. Loria also brings some convenient improvements from Warcraft 3 which include but are not limited to: auto-cast, chain commands, valuable but far from overpowered heroes & more! The two races are balanced and very fun to play. Personally, I like Chaos alot. The AI is weak and slow on easy and medium difficulty, but really shines on hard with aggressive behaviour, dedication to expansions aswell as relatively big and diverse armies. I haven't played campaign yet as I usually avoid story modes in favor of skirmishes in games that offer such a mode and I'm having alot of fun with said skirmishes. Right now there's only a hand full of maps: three 1v1, one 2v2 and one 3v3 but more maps are soon to be added! As much fun as I'm having though, I don't expect a huge, competitive community to evolve around this game as it's targeting players that have played classic RTS games and those that know a good game when they see one. =)  [u][b]Things I would like to see in the future:[/b][/u] - Item shop has been added by now. √  - World Editor has been added by now. √  - More tooltips have been added by now. √  One or two more heroes for each race would greatly improve personal preferences and add more diversity to strategy and combat!  You can see walls in trailers and screenshots, but you cannot build them yourself. This is something I would very much like to see in Loria! Many classics gave you the option to build walls, but this somehow died out with newer RTS games. =/ It would make base building alot more fun and strategic as long as these walls receive restrictions as to how many or where you can build them, aswell as not making them too sturdy.  Last but not least: multiplayer definetly has top priority when it comes to future updates! If the demand for it is big enough, we will get it... so get on the forum, write a review yourself and help making this game more popular! =)  [u][b]Conclusion:[/b][/u] Absolutely recommended for fans of classics from the 90s such as the Warcraft series! The devs are in touch with their community and whoever they are... they are doing a fantastic job so far!  I'm very active on the community hub for Loria so if you need help or are curious, I'm glad to help wherever I can. =) And if this game ever receives a multiplayer mode, hit me up if you're looking for ambitioned and nice friends to play with. ♥
Crush your enemies.  See them driven before you, and hear the lamentations of the women.  
This is the kind of game I expect the future of Virtual Reality games to follow. Well designed mechanics and interesting concepts of kingship. While the animations and controls are obviously imperfect, this is definitively a step in the right direction. If you enjoy base building games with pawn control and have a VR headset, this is definitely a must have game for you. There are several game-breaking bugs, a number of which come about as a result of the map not functioning as intended, however, it is still my favorite VR game released to date.
+++
* Review Update! * ------------------------------------------------------------------- Added Support for HTC-Vive.  Developer requests, as of 5 April :-  "At the moment, it still needs improvements, so you have some suggestions or have found some bugs, please write me."  Fullmetal Developer  [developer] Posted: 5 Apr @ 7:29am VIVE is supported now  Thanks Fullmetal Developer :)
Shows alot of promise,runs exceptionally well,Like to see more sound effects added,also day and night cycle would be great and weather effects,hope the devs keep adding more to this because it's got the makings of a good VR title.
This game cured my depression..
It is okay . But this game is better then the first one and longer.
I FUCKED MOMO
This game had my heart in shock. GG
Mostly a good game. Just one level is dogshiit. It's way too hard, also jumping is bugged in this game which makes the level even harder.
why the fuck did i buy this
the dev turned something cancerous into something great
great game, just the dungeon part was very hard and the traps there are too fast
Its Super THICC
Fun! I really enjoyed the first game and this one as well. I recommend playing the first game so that you can get a bit of backstory.  In Momo.exe 2, you complete tasks set before you by Momo. Completing them quickly is the best way to survive to the end.  There are some new things added which add a bit more challenge and I laughed at a lot of the silly jokes. Good ending is best ending! I look forward to seeing more projects from this Development Team.   <3
Hey there,  i played the first part of the game too, if you wanna know how is the game really look at my youtube channel.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDj0B2yVTIQ&list=PLJeVGIDnbyov_-QrDlclhpyCnpb5-W1nV  If think the game is very good and funny, but dont forgett its a horror game. ;)  Its much content fpr these some euros, so i can only say, play the game. ;)   If you are not sure, here is the video for the second part. ;)  Its the first part of the second game, next will be online at sunday.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uROKmdOltTA&list=PLJeVGIDnbyouCC3Y3gDaXDKnRr1wn5Rp2  Enjoy playing and have fun. ;)   At some levels it can be difficult to get out, so dont give up its makeabel. ;)  Your FabTastic 
haha this game is very funny yet scary.I definitely recommend this game to anyone that is looking for a humorous horror to play.Check out my gameplay for this game on my channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ki50le2Nx3E&t=11s
My playthrough: https://youtu.be/gqqcyvXxFhY  I loved the first one which is why when I saw this I HAD to play it. It blew away what I was expecting and it is a challenging and at times creepy game. I was NOT expecting the ending. Overall, this game can be a good challange and a world of fun, especially for the price.  I will wait for Momo.exe 3 C;
For such a short and silly game such as MOMO.EXE I'm honestly surprised they were able to build off the formula at all. We've all played those short throwaway horror games that last for a few minutes and you never really play them again. So I'm pleasantly surprised that they were able to make MOMO.EXE 2 pretty well. The scares aren't more creative but the "story", and the levels most certainly are. There even appears to be different endings. If you liked the first one this one is worth it especially for the price 8/10. Check out this gameplay https://youtu.be/1GM71JllGJo 
󠀡
Hello, I am Boi LorX and boiiii this game is good.
Very interesting game. 8/10 pretty nice. Trying to reach 100 hours.
Freedom is the freedom to say that 2+2 = 4
Good for some quick mafs
[h1]Estimating calculation results to reveal panties[/h1] 
Edited. The game is playable now, you can finish all ahviements in about 1-3 minutes. So if you want a better achivement ratio I would recommend this game!   Original Review:  It's impossible to complete the third problem, because you can't click the correct answer. It does not respond with the least. Downvoted until the game is playable. (Game is fully functional now as far as I know)
i just nutted to this
10/10 this game is the fortnite killer we have all been waiting for, although the game is very pay to win. While it doesn't have microtransactions, you're already winning if you have the money to afford a calculator. I honestly can't wait to see this game all over youtube and twitch. #BeforeItWasCool
One of the best DLC I've ever bought among all the games I've ever bought and played  with very  images beautiful and SUPER KAWAII <3
I say once you figure out this game I reccomend this game! It challenges the mind for this casual game. It looks easy but once you get started it does get harder. the simple graphics make this game great for this style. Its not expensice so just buy it and challenge that mind. A+  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sazUqZWJxX4
Bought this for supporting the developers. Good job!
好游戏。真的是好游戏。
39 original scores for a cricket catching game.  39/39 would buy again.
Medevil Madness is legendary!
I like what Zen has done with Williams Pinball.  Now if there is a new Williams Pinball Pack, I just buy it. My favorite in this pack is The Getaway: High Speed II.  Love getting away from the cops and the game play. I really like is that you can play them in real mode or a game like mode.
The big draw here is Medieval Madness.  One of the most popular and most fun physical pinball tables that just can't be beat, but this is digital edition and how does it compare to other digital pinball tables?  Is there enough to do?  Yes, definitely.  Zen Studios has a few different tables that have a similar theme, particularly Epic Quest kind feels like the same idea with a Monty Python-esque sense of humor, and Excalibur in everything else.  Epic Quest is a bit simple, but and interesting experiment that they later revisited and developed in the Bethesda tables.  Although Excalibur has a more serious theme, it is more of a direct rip off Medieval and it has a lot to do.  A lot more than Medieval Madness.  But it's a much more difficult table.  Many of the important shots are very difficult to make.  And I did get pretty good at it having beat nearly of the main side knight quests and main quests in separate games (excepting the quests to do with the mini-playing field which is beyond me.)  But it's too difficult to be fun, and the way kickbacks work on the table is terribly frustrating.  Medieval Madness on the other hand, just hits the sweet spot.  All of the shots just seem to make sense.  They all feel like what they represent.  The moat, the castle, the catapult.  Even the ramp to save the princess feels like a tower, requiring quite a strong hit to get your ball up to the top without it falling back down.  And it's such joy to have gotten to the final wizard mode when I never could have done so with quarters.  I highly recommend this pack for this table.  The other two, however...  The Getaway has kind of an interesting history, which is worth reading about.  Apparently, it's based on a real car chase the designer of the game engaged in with the police.  On the other hand, it's a really simple table, and it's not long until you've seen its few tricks.    The Junkyard is a bit more complicated, but kinda bizarre.  The main interest, I suppose is the wrecking yard in the middle of the table.  You can hit a wrecking ball with your ball there to wreck a bunch of cars around the edges, or try to get past the wrecking ball to get other bonuses.  This requires a pretty hard hit and results in the complete loss of control over your ball, so you'll probably be wanting to avoid this main feature of the table (unlike in Medieval Madness which rewards you for engaging with its toys).    Interestingly, Zen "borrowed" on this idea for their Secrets of the Deep table, which improved upon it by having the table with the wrecking ball be divided from the rest of the playfield with its own flippers.  This vastly decreased the penalty associated with hitting the wrecking ball. Around the edges of the wrecking yard, is actually where you'll be spending most of your time in the Junkyard, these ramps and sink progress a sort of story.  apparently you've been locked in a junk yard overnight, the only way to escape is to construct a rocket out of cast off items and blast your way into space.  one cool idea of the idea is combining the different pieces of junk you find creates inventions which can then unlock new modes through their use.  For instance if you get the hair dryer and the toaster, you can collect piece of toast from a sink hole and then first at the dog house.  Then you get to play a little video mode where you try and hit the dog with the pieces of toast fired from the toast gun you made.  I mean there is definitely some creativity here.  It's just too bad the layout of the table isn't better.  In summation, Mediveal Madness is classic and even if it loses something by not being a physical table, it still stands up against more complicated digital tables.  The Getaway and Junkyard are certainly not without interest, but you probably won't be playing and replaying them.
The new camera is amazing. The option to switch to the original tables is great. There is nothing bad for me to say about this. I love working on a table now and then with the added features of this third iteration. It makes playing tables so much more fun. Best simulation out there for sure. Zen really has the presentation aspects down well. Three tables all worth it. The improved camera for WIlliams table alone is worth it, and they should be putting something like that in for some of their old tables. Great job on these.
I really enjoy the tables in this DLC. Some of the best tables for FX.
Great real Williams tables and the option to have an enhanced version aswell is very nice too, the enhanced versions adds things like animated objects, for instance the dragon in medieval madness will fly around the playfield, whereas the normal vesion it's just a static object.  It's a nice touch without ruining the original table too much, and who doesn't like a bit of eye candy.  I've never been a huge fan of the other fantasy PFX3 tables, they've always felt a bit Mehhhh and they just can't compete with a table based on a real world one. I've never liked the bonus upgrade thing in PFX3 either, wish they'd get rid of that stupid system, aLthough you can play classic mode.  Glad these Williams ones have come to PFX3 and look forward to more to come, shame Williams ended their licence with the pinball arcade though but PFX3 have done a great job with these Williams tables.
Extremely good recreations at a great price, both graphics & audio, fantastic.  On a large 4k portrait monitor, it's as close as I've ever seen to the real thing.  Thoughtfully done with a lot of options, really good work, if you're interested enough to have read this far, you probably should just go ahead & do it :)   A word of warning though, these tables are very challenging compared to previous fx tables, brace yourself! :D
Simply very good and I am looking forward to december 5th to buy volume 2
At first I wasn't going to purchase the Williams tables for Pinball FX3 since I already owned them for Pinball Arcade. But after I played the Medieval Madness table in FX3 I new I had to buy them. The graphics are sharper than Pinball Arcade and the table is a lot more lively. If you are a Williams fan these are a must buy. Based on these tables I am looking forward to Volume 2!
Ahora Pinball FX va a tener mas adeptos! Llego la era de los clasicos a Pinball FX!  
Tournament Mode is the Dark Souls of Digital Pinball and I love it.  As a dork with hundreds of hours across multiple platforms with the previous license holder I am THRILLED at this mode and the improvements in all the audio aspects in particular.  The sound capture of the ball rolling, and clanking of machinery, the CRACK of a free game with actual bass to it. Just beautiful.  Not that the graphics arent also an improvement, but umpteen hours in and Ive yet to turn it down.   I am on board for any game you apply this physics model to.  Only thing its lacking is official 21:9 untrawide support. You can make it work, and in portrait it looks incredible, but its less than ideal.  Regardless, this is a must buy for anyone who loves these old machines, and may Zen prosper.
great tables, okay value for the purchase  censorship issue being resolved in a patch that's likely coming at the release of the second williams table pack, and that pack will come uncensored by default  good job gents
So great.
Finally we can play Mediaval Madness in 3d Vision. Amazing 3d vision rendering for a mythic table!!!
Nudge/tilt is completely useless. Huge flaw. Besides that, this pack is pretty much awesome, and in spite of censoring tables are really faithfully recreated and fun to play. Ball physics aren't perfect nor will they ever be on any pinball simulation, nothing beats the real thing but still are closest to the actual physics on pinball market today I would daresay. As for tables, MM is most fun to play, Junkyard isn't all that bad, Fish Tales is insanely hard (especially with advanced physics) and High Speed II is pure boredom. Just my 2 cents.
Read about the Medieval Madness censorship and was not going to purchase as I hate censorship of any form. However, I bit the bullet and bought these tables and all I can say is WOW!! These tables are both fun to play and the graphics are just simply breathtaking, the FX team did an outstanding job and deserve to pat themselves on the back. I highly recommend these tables and FX Pinball.  BTW, when you guys decide to release MM and other tables in all their mature content glory, I will of course pony up again because you all are simply getting better and better with each release. So please, bring on the blood, guts, nudity and profanity!!!!
What a huge change from these same tables in PBA!   These first set of table pack is fantastic, and the physics is as close to real life perfect you can possibly get. The great thing is that you can switch between ball physics, whether you want realistic or the traditional Zen type physics. The tables are beautiful and sound great. But the one thing impressed me the most was the addtion of animations in the williams tables. Really adds to the tables, and the great thing is , that you switch it on or off on the fly.  No doubt that Zen did a great job in releasing these tables. Now to address this who thing with censorship on the Williams tables. Yeah, I agree that it was uneccassary, since everything that Zen censored on the tables were within the ratings, but I really do think that people are really overblowing this. The changes are less than barely noticeable, and you would have to be really really looking very closely and know exactly what to look for. More than 99 percent of each of the table art is authentic and intact. Again, I don't agree with Zen's decision, but I'm not going to go out and boycott or even go on a bad review saboatge over something so insignificant.  Call me if they decide to release the Elvira tables, then you will most likely have a leg to stand on about censorship.  12/5/2018 - Zen has released a new patch which allows option to remove the censors
only downside in this one is the censure, because quality gameplay-physics/graphics its just million times better than tpa version, never bought a table there due to lack of quality.  edit: devs removed the censure so theres no downside now since they listen to the community.
Pretty mixed feeling on this pack. These tables certainly look prettier than, let's say, the recreations we had on another platform before, but I can't say that the gameplay is a huge improvement. In some cases it actually feels like a downgrade. It needs some real convincing to get the ball even near halfway up the ramps, sometimes it seems to move at lightspeed only to slow down to slouch speed a split second later, sometimes it feels as if there's no power behind the flippers. Then you have cases like "Fish Tales", in which the captive ball and the right orbit have become utter death traps. Which is fair enough, I guess - if you could save the ball with a nudge. But since that feature doesn't have any noticeable effect (except for shaking the screen a little, maybe), playing this table can be exhaustingly frustrating experience. But hey, since this is the only way at the moment you buy these... get them, I suppose. I mean, the tournaments are nice. And leveling up the features keeps you busy.  Make this a horizontal thumb. (Rounded up to a "thumbs up", but barely so.)
These William's tables are great fun!  I know a very vocal minority is having their "outrage moment" over the (very few) censored bits, [b]but don't listen to them[/b].  The gameplay remains great, the graphics remastered mode is a ton of fun and the value is there (four new tables for $10).
UPDATE: Zen will be releasing an unaltered version of this game. So no more censorship. It will be around when they release vol 2. Very nice to hear from Zen.   I love that they have added stuff that moves like the fisherman in Fish Tales, the dragon in Medieval Madness. They have also added special effects to flaming balls to a castle being blown up. These effects look fantastic. I love them. Its one of the reasons I bought these tables. The other reason I bought them is the low price of just 3 bucks per table. This is a very good price indeed based on just how these tables look and the new stuff they have added.   It is an amazing value.Pro Pinball costs 15 bucks and that is just for one table. Zen has done a really great job on these tables. Some have said the physics are off. Honestly I thought they were just right. Balls do bounce more on real new rubber. This is on the default setting.   I do own all these tables on Pinball Arcade however the price was so low I had to buy these tables. I am glad I did.
Zan listens to their customers and they've worked hard to ensure that they provide as authentic a table and gameplay as possible. Thanks, Zen!
at first i didnt like it then a couple hours in i now prefer these quickfire real world tables its super addicting i cant wait to get all these bally williams packs huge thumbs up also would be great to have pinball fx3 vr with an option to turn off the special effects in the background and also let us play all our fx3 tables in vr
Who cares if zen studios had to censor some of the artwork on the tables to keep their age rating, there is a setting in the options to turn off most of the censoring. The physics of the tables feel great they are loads of fun to play and now you dont have to worry about running out of quarters. On top of all of this they also added their own zen features to the tables which you can turn on or off at any time. If you love the Williams pinball tables I 100 % reccommend picking up this dlc pack.
Finally we can play these classics without blurred text, terrible 3d modelling, pixellation, and unprofessionally stretched artworks.  Physics are great in classic turnament mode: that means that the usual OP nudge doesn't work. In my opinion these tables in tournament mode, behave much, much closer to real pinball tables than everything we had before.  I hope they can fix the completely useless, stupidly unnecessary censored elements and give us the unadultered deal ASAP.
Let's start with Medieval Madness, it's just awesome. This table alone is worth the cost of the pack. It's probably the easiest of the three to get familiar with. Reaching and completing the wizard mode is pretty challenging though.  Junk Yard has an open playfield which makes it pretty challenging. The top orbit behind the wrecking ball is hard to hit although sometimes the wrecking ball knocks your ball in :) This table takes more practise to get good at and will be a bit frustrating at first, because when you lose control of the ball it'll go for the outlanes. With the voiceovers and all the (video)modes it is a great table though. High scores will seem impossible at first but once you beat the wizard mode you'll start raking in points.  The Getaway Highspeed II is a very fast table. I find this one the most challenging. Do I shoot the targets to get a kickback and risk losing control of the ball or do I shoot for combos trying to progress? The multiballs are a pain. You start with a very short ball saver and it's hard to light a jackpot and collect it. However these jackpots are the way to get a highscore.  You can play these tables with the Zen physics or with the Classic physics (Arcade/Tournament). They're meant to be played with the realistic Classic physics but since those are harder it's fine to start with the easier Zen physics.  If you have doubts about the Williams pack go ahead and try the free classic table Fish Tales. Do keep in mind Fish Tales is a very hard table with short flippers, the tables of this pack are easier with longer flippers and more entertaining gameplay.  -------------- With the new pack there will be an update to play the Williams tables uncensored or on family mode. --------------
MM!!!
The physics make the ball feel like it is a bouncy ball covered in butter on the arcade version and on the other version makes the ball feel like it has the weight of a bowling ball. I don't know if this is a bad thing or just something I have not adjusted to yet. The tables themselves are very creative and colorful. My favorite is junkyard. If you are planning on buying this be aware of how very different these physics are from the other tables. If I could give neither a postive nor negative rating I would but as it is I lean slightly more towards positive.  Edit: After spending more time in the game I really enjoy the physics. This is a wonderful collection of tables. Would highly recommend. Junkyard is still my favorite with Medieval Madness being a close second. The getaway is fun but my least favorite of the 3.
Excellent addition to the FX3 table lineup. I was hoping for ZEN to go into real world recreations for so long and now they finally did it. Tables look and play great and offer the polish you would expect from ZEN. The price tag is really nice too so this was an instant buy for me. I recommend FX3 any day.  
These versions of these specific tables are so far beyond anythihng that have come before them that it's shocking. I can't believe it's taken this long to get accurate versions of these Williams tables, and furthermore just how good they are. A bargain at full price.
Graphics, physics, user interface > uncensored version. Set priorities! This isn't a censored shooter but a collection of pinball tables with the emphasis on gameplay and physics. Doesn't matter that much if some artwork is censored. Yes, it is ridiculous and pinball definitely doesn't need a kids rating as such games are not considered as "cool" by them and rather played by adults anyway...but posting a negative review on great tables with spot-on physics just because cigars got removed from all artworks is too much in my opinion.  Hope we will see more real tables soon!
Beautiful recreation of these classic tables. There's always more options I would like to see added as a cabinet user but that stands for the core game too and at least you can switch between the realistic and fantasy modes at the push of a button which is the best case scenario imo. Tournament configuration of the tables also came as a pleasant surprise (raises the slope!) although again, as a cabinet user it would be awkward or impossible to have a table open directly in that state...   Very much hope that Zen continue down this route of creating as realistic an experience as possible then adding a fantasy modification option; makes perfect sense as the best way to keep both audiences happy. Really does feel like they have significantly upped their game here on a number of levels, most noticably the physics engine so hopefully this is just the start of a long run of recreated tables.  I will vote +1 *in general* against censoring the adult themes and content from the original machines, maybe they could implement a code system here like for cabinet mode somewhere down the line if it means cutting things... or hide a config somewhere for us to tweak on PC ;) It's certainly not a dealbreaker however as these aren't big changes from what I have seen and only some small modifications to the artwork to remove tobacco / alcohol references remain on PC if you set the family filter off in options menu.  Overall definitely recommended, especially for the price... go try the free table if you're on the fence but I'd expect this DLC should appeal to fans of both the videogame and simulation styles of virtual pinball. More like this please Zen!
Great selection of really fun and challenging tables. Finally being able to play these awesome tables at 144fps is amazing.
Great additions to pinball FX, and the addition of the animations is very welcome! Its great to finally be able to play these famous tables I've seen on Youtube channels.
 Overall: great game  pros: +Tournaments system, including custom user tournaments +UI is great +graphic is great +Zen listen to players and do some job to make them happy cons: -here are some questionable moments in physics and nudging, but hope they will continue to update and improve it.
A fun horse riding game. You can compete in various races and perform care tasks (such as feeding and grooming) to get endurance bonuses for the riding challenges. It's open world with a "Riding Out" mode where you can just ride around and explore without any set tasks or anything. You unlock more horses and locations the more missions you do. It's a well-made game; it saves your progress automatically, the controls are great, and it's not buggy. In comparison to other horse riding/care games, the horses are finicky over rough terrain, and the care tasks are given limitations (such as soft spots on the horse you can't touch in the brushing minigame) to make it fell more like a game than a chore. All in all, it's non-demanding, fun to play, and really well-made.
This game is so relaxing in the mind when you get a groove going. Good pick-up and play challenge. Good quality. Love the look of the game, the feel. 10/10. Would gladly buy more from these devs.
this game is  fun  buy it if you like wizards
I hesitantly recommend this because I feel there needs to be more opportunities for health regen. But it's a simple and fun game.   Maybe randomize the magic sounds that each staff makes? It gets repetitive.
Really fun game, it's not easy though. The gameplay matches perfectly with the essence of the game, if you want to succeed you gotta rush. You need to run, you have to dodge enemies and kill them at the same time. Nice graphics and music, they bring a cute and indie vibe to the game, what makes it fun, enjoyable and beautiful, besides being challenging. Really well-made game. Great job!
[h1] This is a great challenging game for the price! [/h1]  The game doesn't tell you much from the beginning, but soon you find out your way through the islands. The controls and objectives are intuitive and, if you have a reasonable skill at positioning yourself and firing at the same time, you should have no problem to beat the first level. THEN things start to get tricky and you will need discover how to combo the staffs to get through the following levels.  This is a [b]hard[/b] game that I haven't yet beaten, but the feeling that you are getting better and going farther into the game is just addictive. And for the price, I definitively recommend it!
[h1]9/10[/h1] [b]It's about a great challenging game.[/b] You'll need to practice your micro, use different wands to know the best situations to use each of them and finally, you really need to use your dash, you'll have to use it wisely to go farther.  Every adventure is a new challenge because it spawns different bosses and the map looks to be generated randomly. That's good because you'll never be bored running the same path.  [b]---{Graphics}---[/b] ☐ You forget what reality is [b]☑ Beautiful[/b] ☐ Good ☐ Decent ☐ Bad ☐ Don‘t look too long at it ☐ Paint.exe  [b]---{Gameplay}---[/b] It's a good game to practice your micro skills [b]☑ Very good[/b] ☐ Good ☐ Ok ☐ Not too bad ☐ Bad  [b]---{Audio}---[/b] ☐ Eargasm ☐ Very good [b]☑ Good[/b] ☐ Not too bad ☐ Bad ☐ Earrape  [b]---{Audience}---[/b] Everyone can have fun. ☑ Kids ☑ Teens ☑ Adults ☑ Human  [b]---{PC Requirements}---[/b] [b]☑ Ok[/b] ☐ Potato ☐ Decent ☐ Fast ☐ Sonic's PC ☐ Ask NASA if they can run stable fps  [b]---{Difficulity}---[/b] You need to know how to use wands and your dash. ☐ Just press < ^ > Button ☐ Easy ☐ Normal ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master [b]☑ Difficult[/b] ☐ Dark Souls  [b]---{Story}---[/b] [b]☑ Story? That's a thing?[/b] ☐ Family Drama ☐ Titanic ☐ Twilight ☐ Great ☐ It‘ll replace your life  [b]---{Game Time}---[/b] ☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee ☐ Short ☐ Average ☐ Long [b]☑ To infinity and beyond[/b]  [b]---{Price}---[/b] [b]☑ Cheap[/b] ☐ It’s free! ☐ Worth the price ☐ If u have some spare money left ☐ Not recommended  [b]---{Bugs}---[/b] [b]☑ Never heard of[/b] ☐ Minor bugs ☐ Can get annoying ☐ Infinite Glitch
Fun defense game.  Quite challenging.
i want more games like this.  i'd much rather spend 50$ on a refined 50-100 hour gametype of this style than the stuff coming out these days
I can highly recommend this one to anyone who's looking for a small survival strategy game. If you would like it to become more difficult, get the dlc. I liked the dlc more tbh. But unfortunetly that one only has 1 map to play on as of right now.
Wow, this is a lot better than I expected for the price. Good job developer!
Terrific game. It captures some of the Kingdom gameplay, but takes has its own ideas on where it wants to go with it.
for a cheap game, its pretty good. simple in design and mechanics. you build and upgrade your village, bring more villagers in to train them to fight, mining ore, chopping wood, fishing or farming for food. i just wish there was more
I love this game just got it today and spent 6 hours on it. I highly recommend it. Still haven'y beat it yet though.
Small little game that gives what it promises! My only complaint is the repetitive soundtrack.  I give it a 8.5/10
Look, I got this game, I played this game for 11.4 hours, I still have not beat it! BUT IT DOES NOT MATTER BECAUSE I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH I WILL KEEP PLAYING IT EVEN THOUGH THE BOSSES THAT COMES ARE FREAKING HARD. that is all I have to say.  P.S. this game is good, get it cause it is fun
Pretty challenging little game... I'm enjoying it so far...
Better than the Kingdom series due to the fact you can place buildings where you want them to go, and you can move individuals to locations where you want them to work/fight/build.  Getting specific villagers that are better at things than others is completely RNG, which sucks but also makes you feel better when you get individuals that excel at any given task.  The game has a mini-map so you can move around the map fast, unlike the Kingdom series where you have to spend time side scrolling.
I might not have many hours of the game, but I will say this: It is worth your money and more.  To see just one person working on this makes me wonder what other beautiful games we can get from others. I am a big fan of Pixel art and this game is pleasant to look at; grim, dark, yet not Edgy. The game is far from perfect, but it's impressively done by the price tag.  If you like a "Tower Defense/City builder" Strategy, I highly recommend this game, you'll be caught by it.
A great little city builder/tower defence game, at a very reasonable price.
Love it 10/10
Worth its money there are a lot of titles that cost way more that have the same playtime and playability with or even less.Personally i enjoyed the original more than the DLC.Before bying it i saw some people talking about the game having balance issues and after playing dunno what they were talking about  plus something to do with rng when u are able to build multiple taverns that stack for a reason and god bless the kill button to murder dem weak villagers.My concerns though are with the DLC it could do even better with some policing.    I ll also post this to the dlc review page but since some will probably be interested i ll post it here as well. So the issues with the dlc are as follows. There where wyverns flying underground i bet they even managed to kill a worker of mine that was undeground gathering (not 100% sure) some  even climped back to the back of my base due to my playstyle at that sesion they were reachable by my  army and died but i could easily see that being problematic and frustrating under other circumstances.Also the Dragon boss decided to randmoly fly away and leave dunno if that was the case cause i didnt have druids to lower its armor so my army of ~20+ archdruids was doing 1 damage each(probably unbeatable without druids to lower its armor) Also some upgrades that improve units that stand in their radius werent easily noticable.Talking about the spears and the archdruids upgrade) also for some reason i was able to asing more than one villager to gather from a mana stone or 4 at a farm which esensitialy it the one of them was only doing the animation without gathering anything.Also no legendary villagers and no hotkeys for the spells plus why 22 days its just prolonged the inevitable atleast i though maybe the dragon boss would spawn again since that was the case with boss #1 and #2 but no it was just another wave like the rest of them.Forgot to mention that wyverns that were shoting fireballs to where my army was before my army was able to hit them was kinda annoying.
This game is very easy to get into, everything is simple, yet complex. You start off with a couple of usually unremarkable characters (many of which will "mysteriously" die) and a tavern, eventually working your way up to a large town and a sizeable frontline. Your ai peasants are highly dependent on you commands, but after you've put them in place they do their jobs without issue, giving you time to plan the layout of your city/defenses. Enemies attacks fairly consistently, ramping up in difficulty as time goes on. The mix of all of these elements create a wonderfully fun experience, as each element builds nicely off of one another, as they leave very little time to idle about, while not feeling like a grind that you would find in many other games. There is much more content that is not covered in this small review, as to not spoil the surprises that this game offers, so do note that there is more than presented at a first glance.  Overall, I would consider this game a must buy (unless you don't like being in the action indirectly, aka not first-person), and I am looking forward to the future of this game, and of course, the future of this dev.
Excellent game if you like Tower Defending.  Totally worth the $3 bucks.  Some frame dropping, please DEV fix this.
couldnt get past night 4 and did not want to start over. moving on to another game. the way u unlock better stuff is interesting but the unlocks did not save my town. main positive is every villager is unique making every town u make special. would recommond but expect ure town to get slaughtered after putting much time and thought into it. heartbreaking and brutal game that u really have to depend on good rng to help u out. did i have fun? yes. did i lose sleep playing this and regret some desicions i made like saving during the night? yes. would recommond but dont expect a warm welcome when starting. its a git gud kinda game. also after making several towns, still not sure which resource is the one i spend most manpower on getting. all are useful but again, gold wont kill zombies. unless u throw it hard or something. idk. i left this game heartbroken in 8 bit fashion. if u want that i guess u should try this. also if i remember right, theres little to no multiplayer. its a game for u and only u to enjoy. my one complaint is u can control ure people but not in a dickish way. u can kill them indirectly. i just wish u can kill them while shattering thier dreams. ps havent played this game in awhile. will play again if they add being a asshole in it. overall i had mix feelings playing this.
This game is great, especially for the price. It's basically survival 2D AOE with zombies. Some less intuitive features here and there. But it'll be entertaining for at least a few hours.
Not a bad little game.  For the price, it will fill your enjoyment levels.  I find the pacing to be a little slow which I think was meant to pad out the game and I also feel there could be a few more unit and building types, but for the price and how small this game is, I cannot really complain too much.  A fun little title to kill time with.  Indie games like this are great!
Best 2,39 i have ever spend for an indie game.   Started to play this game on normal. Had to restart several times because the challenge is really there, which is good.  Nice theme, nice pixel art, nice units, nice music. I would defintly recommend this game!  All the props to the developer of this game.
fun but you need about 100 military units to pass night 8
Its one of these indie games im so happy for existing GOOD JOB ON THIS ONE YOU CAN COUNT ON MY SUPPORT FROM NOW ON!
Good one...
If you enjoy games like Rise to Ruins or They Are Billions (TAB), this is worth a play. It's a little different, but similar enough that the concepts are easy to grasp and the gameplay is simple. My first game lasted 2 hours and I made it halfway through the match on Standard difficulty before being completely destroyed. But it wasn't frustrating! I would expect to lose a good number of times before I get it down right, just like TAB. For it's price (including the DLC) it's a huge steal, and well worth supporting the dev on this one (one man team who has produced a much better game than most). Try it out!
Ok.....    Don't thrown stones, but is there any instructions, tut's, etc. at all??? I am laughing at myself, in my ineptitude in getting a handle on the operation of this gem, but ........................................
Great game all-round. Really recommend buying this one, it’s an absolute steal for its price. Should be way more popular.
This is one of those overlooked gem of a game.  Is it easy?  No.  Is it fun? Yes.  Is it fun when you lose? Most of the time :)  So the premise is quite simple.  You have X number of villagers whom need guidance on what to do to survive life, and the demon hordes that are going to come out at night.  It is a city builder and tower defense.  It is one of those games that you will come back to time and time again when you are looking for a fun game of strategy to see if more ranged will work better or more ground forces.  Pick it up and see if you can survive the night.
To be honest, the game is so-so, for one time or one evening. At the same time with a bunch of bugs and uncomfortable controls. But looking at the price, I just can not give negative feedback.
I like it thank you it a cool game.
Small Indie game with good idea and nice graphics. Fun to play, it has some problems that can be easily ignored. Also patches and DLC, looking forward :-)  Things to improve: - boomers are hard to distinguish from the rest - the could glow a bit so I can avoid them more easily with melee units - nights on some maps can be too dark (gamma settings could help here) (this can be quite different on a different display)
Great game, and great dev. Dev listens to feedback and is respectful.
Decent survival defense game. Beat two of the maps in 7-8 hours each. Took several tries to get the first victory. Not much replay value as the maps are too similar and it seems like the attack waves are the same for each map.
Great indie game - totally worth it.
Honnestly was expecting this to be another cheap game but quickly became one of my favorite games in a while, i love the artwork and gamplay, just wish there was more varity and more maps,
Overall this game has a lot of potential, however there are several points in this game that are highly difficult. For example a boss called "Mergle" is way too overpowered especially in easy difficulty. Don't get me wrong it's a fun game building your little village up... but the game needs to be more balanced for it to be enjoyable.
Awesome game. Great execution.  Pros: Great gameplay. Minimalistic design. Pixel gore/ Impactful interaction. Cons: Minimalistic design (it's a pain in the ass to micro manage 50+ idle miners in late game, but in early game it works well). Too few soundtrack, doesn't differentiate between events (night, day, Mogba, being attacked, etc.). A bug here & there (I got 1 crash).  All in all, this is an upgraded version of Kingdom. Get it & support the devs. This game deserves all the dimes it asks for.
Love this game. I just feel that some of the nights are extremely difficult early on.
for the price it's great! didn't realize hours wen't by already playing it.
Neat little gem, only marred by poor management UI/tools and redundant, buggy villager commands.  Would have liked a "pause" feature so I could tend to and optimize my little garden of a town.  Reminds me a lot of the Kingdom franchise, a methodical, pixel-art-inspired tower-defense game.
I've been very pleased with Grim Nights, and beat it earlier today.  I've only played the game twice, so I'm not sure how good the replay value is going to be, but it was WELL worth the price for the several hours of fun I've already had with the game!  I love the art style, and even though I rarely "decorate" bases in strategy games, I did find myself placing torches, light posts, and banners to make the place feel like a nice place to live.  The days last for a long time between enemy attacks, so it seems to encourage you to spend a little time planning the placement of things and decorating. I look forward to any future updates that may add additional content.  I'm also looking forward to playing on the highest difficulty to see how that changes the experience.
3 dollars!?   Best bang for your buck if you like town management and setting up defenses to fight the night's horrors!
Great short and challenging game!
it's fun!. i really like to play this game.
 honestly, I loved the system of randomness of the specialties of the villagers because that makes you think about the distribution of jobs, another thing that I like is the day and night system and that you can jump directly into the night with benefits, I think what is missing is more variety in infantry and building, otherwise it's great. 9,4/10
Simple yet satisfying game play. Good strategy with charm and some nice touches aswel as some nasty suprises. Keeps me comming back for more.... Next time I'll do things differently I keep telling myself :)
This is a fun little combination of a city/base builder and a tower defense. It's not the deepest thing on the market, but hey $3.
For this price, you get a fair share for your money. If you go in Blind (e.g. no youtube, toturial) , you will probably loose on day 5-6. Once you set up your own build order, Building Placement and Unit Composition yout can probably get further.  Here lies a little Problem, you always have the same Waves of enemy, so you know what your into after playing a few rounds, so i guess the replayability is not there. Would be cool if you had an Option for Random Waves of Enemys, to keep the Game fresh after your first 5 Matches.   Another thing is the Difficulty, if you ever get to the Point where you kind of beat off a Wave, but lost a significant part of your Soldiers/Towers, you almost never can Recover, which is kind of Odd.  With a little Tweaking of Difficulty and Options this could really be a 10/10 Game, sofar its a good 7/10.
It's a nice little tower defense/offense game. Best value I got last sale. The only issue is the endgame, there are no clear goals. And I think there should be more upgrades and buildings.
A great little game more than worth the asking price.
not bad , good price  + low price + building strategy , improvments of units by potion  - weird end game -lot of units with annoying micromanagment  u gonna have good feeling when u create lot of units ,and u will destroy everything from distance , its not bad game. U gonna win this , and never play it again. And for 3euro, its very nice game.
First off, I have only played 4 hours -- but it was a really fun 4 hours! This is a game of exploration, defense, and decisions.  I think everyone should buy this title -- its only 3 bucks! (I think?)  Some people have given bad reviews because they got slaughtered on level 5 easy setting. I agree that "easy" is not so easy, but if you observe the boss attack, you will see its weakness. (Try rushing it with a small pack of spearmen, and stop whining).  It is in early access, and lots of improvement plans are ahead, but I have not run into any bugs. Also, it's developed by one guy using GameMaker Studio -- pretty impressive! I discovered this game on YouTube, so if you want to see it in action, go there. (I watch youtuber "Nookrium" - this guy showcases sooo many games. Only watch if you have lots of $$$ to spend on games!)
good and fun and good and value, good and from my town :)
Very good game. Should be way more expensive :D
I REALLY wish there was a 1-5 star system on steam, because right here I'd put 3 stars. It's a good game don't get me wrong, it just has a lot of quirks. Like when your game's going pretty decently then a swarm of undead bats just annihilates you in a matter of 5 seconds. 50 people (24 workers, 20 arblests, and 6 Spearmen level 2). Dead in 5 Seconds. I'm sorry, but that's not even a boss monster. Right? Or am I wrong on that. If they are a boss monster then why are there more than 6 of them? It's definitely unrefined in every corner. It's addicting to say the least, but until there's an update fixing a lot of the bugs, and even the ridiculous strength of some of the monsters. Maybe even increase the rate that workers can mine ores.
Grim destroyed most of my town and my army except one longbowman, some riflemen, and all my mine workers.  He walked back and forth for a couple of nights while my remaining riflemen plinked away at him. Made it to day 15 but had my last tavern destroyed by rock throwers while about thirty of my men hid underground. It's fun but I would like to see more customization for the waves and bosses, maybe a cheat mode or a peaceful mode or something along those lines.
This game is more than worth the price.
Good fun for about 6 hours. Worth the price.
Fun game and inexpensive for the side-scroll town building.
Good game overall. However, this game needs a fast forward button. For example: x2, x4, x6, and a x8 fast forward.   I hope the devs see this comment.
Its a good game, worth it!
I love the building in this game and the retro charm, I got so addicted to this game I'd wake up and play it for a few hours every day for like 2 weeks. It's for sure one of the best side-scrolling medieval game. Price is fantastic for the game, but I do have one complaint, right when your starting out not past day 5 you already get way to many mobs that wreck your stuff and kill your guards and, I get that thats why its called "Grim Nights", due to the difficulty of the nights, but I just wish maybe mobs were a little easier to kill. Like "Mergle" on day 5 who has 1800 health and spits ranged acid that one-shots II spearmen. Overall though, great game!
this game is right up my alley.   love it.
Terraria meets 7 Days to die.Every night is different.Good fun.
great game, like the soundtrack and artstyle. easy to pick up, hard to put down. some of the bosses are frustrating, but solid 9/10.
good gaame
realy fun game one of the best  nice job developer you made it like heaven
good game
What a nice surprise!  For such a cheap game, I expected much less... But this little gem is definitely worth of your attention! It has a simple yet nice concept (that works): build a small village and survive hordes of undead. It is a bit hard and slow paced at beginning but each time you play you get better and things can get hectic in no time! Bought it in it's full prize and I have absolutely no complaints. Go for it!!!
***** Due to Steam character limit, check comments section for entire review*****  Grim Nights is an interesting little strategy/tower defence game with a very retro/arcade feel to it. The 2D old school pixel graphics [done quite well I might add; check out those fire arrows!] definitely inspire a sense of nostalgia to a by-gone era of gaming. Don’t be fooled though, this is one tough game!  At the price of AUD$4.50 this title is absolutely worth the money. At the time of writing this I’ve totaled 73 hours in-game according to Steam, but bare in mind that about 20 of those (maybe 24) was time spent stepped away. 53 hours of frustratingly challenging gameplay with a massive learning curve on the first play through.  The goal in Grim Nights is pretty simple; survive the undead hordes marching towards your inevitable doom for 13 full days and nights. Simple concept, but until you succeed it’s a lot easier said than done.  With my first play through I felt I was doing well, right up until the moment I wasn’t and found my town devoured by the pixelated Army of Darkness on night 6 (no Bruce Campbell here, sadly). The cause? Too much focus on harvesting, and too much trust in my megre army. There may have been a little bit of Gamers Ego in there too, what with playing it on “Beginner” difficulty… Beginner my left [insert body part of your choice here, but please, be colourful!].  The second play through went pretty much the same, only I made it to night 12, and… much to my horrific shame… I only have myself to blame… Damn the developer for those tasty tempting worker traits, baiting me into the beautiful lure of that +2 gold… I swear! I was totally going to use that gold to pay for more replacement troops! Honest! I still hear the *squish* of the Flesh Giants stepping on those good innocent folk… At least I still have my gold though! Now, fool me once, shame on you… Fool me twice… Shame on me… But fool me a third time? Please just put me out of my own misery!  Reaching the same night 12 on play through number 3, you’d think I’d have learnt. Sadly, no. With an overtaxed militia, starving due to low food stores, and lazy workers (ahem! I mean manager) not doing their job and repairing and replacing the spikes (Erm... I mean not letting them know it needed to be done in the first place...), I once again spent the night listening the sounds of my little pixel people being eaten by the horrors of the night. (Wait, did I say this was Beginner difficulty? I did? Good… The shame is real man…)  Okay, so, I know what you’re thinking. This is the point where you quit, right? Walk away? Admit defeat? Hang your head in shame? I mean, clearly this game isn’t for me. Clearly it’s too difficult. Sure, it looks like something from the 80’s, and it’s got a really adorably well made soundtrack… But jesus talk about unforgiving. Let your guard slip early and don’t really try to fix it? You’re Hellhound food man! So obviously, I walked away, right?   ...Right?   RIGHT!?   No… This is instead the part where I let my stubborn Gamer Ego get the better of me. You know, like those times in those platformers where you can TOTALLY make that jump? But you don’t… for like… 6 god damn hours… but you know you ALMOST got that that ONE time? Right? Yeah… Yeah… That’s totally what happened here… Remember when I mentioned the shame? Yeah? Great! Read on!  Fortunately it paid off, and on my 4th attempt (that beginner difficulty don’t forget!) I managed the 13 days and nights. I actually made it to night 15, only to realize I’d made the same mistake and not replaced my troops or spikes fast enough. I’m fairly certain that the fact that yet again I had yet another city that was just out eating everything the farms, rabbits, and fishing could produce. Because hey, if you’re in a two week siege by the undead where you’re marched on by a ravenous horde of creatures from the abyss, you’d totally stress eat too, am I right? Wait, wait, wait… Did you miss the part where I said I won? Made it past day 13? Beat the hordes and the evil monstrosities that command them? You totally heard the whole “this game is evil and killed me more times than I care to remember in ways I wish never happened” thing right? Yeah?  ...And so I had to have a 5th Playthrough - Son of a… Why could I leave well enough alone? Just… “Just when I thought I was out, they pulled me back in!”. Damn that Gamer Ego! “Maybe you got lucky”, “Maybe you fluked it”, “You probably couldn’t do it again!”. Sigh.  I got right up to about day 25 this time (almost twice the game requirements, but bare in mind after day 13 no more bosses generate… and did I mention… Beginner difficulty? I did? Oh, well that’s okay then!). Fortunately this means I got to strip mine the entire map for every resource available (that’s totally what the game gets for having whooped me before! Mined! Completely! Evil payback… complete?), and figure out just what it takes to completely defend a town without a single monstrosity deciding to have my workers for a late night snack (not including all the poor souls exiled because their traits sucked and I was being annoyingly obsessive about maxing my output with every worker… again… -.-). That was right up until I got a fatal error because… wait for it… “Color bar error” on some stupid decorative banner.  Just… Okay game, you win! At least now I know it wasn’t a fluke, and that once you finish it once I’m 98% certain you should be able to do so consistently for any other playthroughs after that. Unless of course you’re recently escaped from a local asylum and think “Hey, I know what! I’ll play on the hardest difficulty now!” yeah, no, don’t. I won’t be. I’m crazy, but I’m not absolutely F*N mad as a hatter.    Okay, okay, okay, “too long, didn’t read”. Whilst I really don’t like people that do/say that, I do know this is pretty lengthy. However I feel that giving you the insights into what happened on my own experience (without any spoilers of course! (I think?)) will give you a much better opportunity to make an informed decision.  ***** Check below for the details/specifics of the review "The Good, The Bad, The Ugly, and Final Thoughts" *****
Totally Awesme game at a fantastic low price. More stuff like this please!  If there are any  cons  than it is the fact that I use a 34 inch  widescreen 21:9 and the game is not optimized for that but rarely any game is and it is not the "norm" screen I am sure
For an indie game written by one guy, this is excellent.  Fun and polished, it lacks most of the crapulence you expect from cheap indie games on Steam.   I'm not going to say it's perfect, though. It certainly has a few annoying bugs and glitches, and is sometimes frutstratingly ignorant of the last 30 years of game UI advances, but the pros far outweight the cons.   It looks nice, it has a lovely soundtrack, and the gameplay itself is a frustratingly pleasant mix of chill game and min/max RTS.  8/10 - Definitely worth the $5 I paid for it.
for the price this is a steal for a babebuilder game, great balance
The game was made by a single person, Mattias Myde with gamemaker and several different tools and resourses from other places. And I should say that it's a well made game... It's a survival strategy. You have to build your settlement and survive the enemy hordes at night. And let me say, that these are actual hordes and good defense is a must-have since day one. Problem is... You need to keep an eye on food and gold at the start of the game.   You'll need food to keep surviving, so do not overpopulate the town from start... And you'll need gold to improve your city, 100 gold. So, strike the ground as soon as you can. You could also find food undroground sometimes... Such as rabbits or streams of water with fish in it. On surface your food sources are mostly farms. And once you hit the improvement, you get other interesting options. Like making farms on fully improved houses. So, yeah... There are plenty of options in this game to build a town that could make a stand and survive 13 days is quite possible. But it's going to be really hard.  Game has a really modest price, low sistem requirement, cute pixel graphics and high replayability. Every settler is unique... Sometimes for the best, sometimes for the worst. And there is a quite challenging learning curve, so do not expect to complete the game on your first run. I do recommend it to everyone who is into tower-defense, 2d games and survival strategies. And the point, pretty much, is to build your settlement and defend it as long as you can. And I've seen no major bugs so far, so it's allright.  Good casual strategy defense game with a really modest price and high replayability. What are you waiting for? Buy it.  9/10.  [spoiler]And if I may, I got a couple of ideas for the dev... I'll leave them in comments section, if he is interested to read them... After all, it's his game and he is the one who decides how it should be done. But some ideas wouldn't hurt, right? Take em' or leave em. :}[/spoiler]
Fun and simple game. It's a fairly 'zen' kind of game, like Kingdom New Lands, but there are times when things get hairy. There's no tutorial, which I'm ok with and also like Kingdom, but it does mean you have to guess what you can do and experiment to come up with strategies that work, which is kind of fun. Well worth the price - buy it!
Would Give 9.5/10 Rating for this growing game. Great Stratagy Deffence Game to pass some time. No story line to the game though at this time. Sound tracks 10/10, would love more music that is similar to current background music.  Some bugs pop up, but the game has an awesome constant bug exterminator that updates often. I like watching my pixel people working hard. (Good sprite animation for little pixels) I also like the enemies and their different capabilities. Good color pallet and shaders to emphasize the mood of night falling.  It takes a breif moment to learn the controls for the first time as there is no tutorial, but a tutorial wouldn't be nessisary for this simple of a game. (Just cause it's simple doesn't mean it's not chalenging)  Improvments I would like to see: 1) That the people cap be higher than 81. 2) A Key designation to cycle through the types of workers, not just the Idle ones 3) Maybe a story intro(s) that emphasizes that we're defending something really important and an end game clip that have defeated the final somoner. (Or a way for the players to come up with their own reasons to defent their town)
I like the game i's worth the $3.00 I paid but I would recomend you watch out for bugs the game causes apon exiting the game my audio wouldn't work and the game wasn't still running in the back ground, I couldn't hear a thing until I restarted my computer wich fixed the problem a big bug with an easy fix idk if this is a deturrant but im sure the dev will fix it
I love it!!!!  relaxing, but also challenging, great ideas. It is really my type of game.. I would love to see it grow bigger I want it to be more replayable  I want more content!! I think this game has a huge potential and it really could expand. -more layers -new kinds of resources -new units -bigger population cap -larger maps -objectives on the map .....plenty of things that could make this game greater.. please don't give up on it..   I'm willing to pay again for a second time if you put in the effort... anyway... I 100% recommend buying this if you like these "strategy/building/surviving/unit management" type of games. So please buy it support the dev/devs so there can be more contetnt for me ^^
It's really relaxing strategy game Good for chillout like Kingdom: New Lands Soundtrack is VERY VERY nice and relaxing :)  PS: This game is really hard & tough for me...
Saw a video of this... loved the concept, bought it right away, was worth every penny!
Cute little game worth way more than its price, I can already tell. The animations are simple yet fluid.
Great fun for $5.  Reasonably easy to complete if youre experienced in these types of games but otherwise a nice challenge if you arent.   Simple, fun and cheap.   
This game is great and challenging, and comes with an affordable price tag.
Very glichy game as of 20181201 but playable and a great deal considering the price.  Save often.  It crashes sometimes.
This game is so tight, its basically a micromanaging hell, with a splash of bugs in between the layers. Although it looks simple and it would be simple if you don't plan on getting all the achievements, its worth the full price as this is easily 8 hours of gameplay, no waiting involved. Need a resource, go micromanage the mine untill you feel you get enough of it. Bugs are rare and usually not lethal. The most annoying one is the building stacking. Sadly there's no way to manage the villagers in the end game, as in the end of the game its just a constant distraction to kill off all the miners, lumberjacks and the negative trait ones. Ruins the flow of progression.  But with all that said, i was so deep in this game i basically lost track of time for 5 hours completely, If that's not money well spent, then i don't know what is.
Addictive game, I wish it was longer, but for <$4 no complaints at all.
A short enjoyable game from start to end.
Cute little game - it's like a babby version of Kingdom except with even more stuff to do.
very fun game, some cool tricks for those that like them in other words game mechanic SPOILERS!!! #1 when building you can put a structures where there not allowed if it shows red just move it till you see green then move it back doing this i was able to build way further over the hill using stone walls #2 bunnies are your friends, kill them next to unexplored areas, you can then click to explore the area while standing on dead bunny your guy will start exploring then decided to skin the bunny, but the place will keep exploring without your guy there, you can use this to explore multiple parts of the mine with just one guy. #3 use your knights to bait out attacks and then run away, this will slow down the big guys, and can make the giant orc boss incredibly easy, specialy if you do it from behind #4 get your knights behind the final boss to really put out some good dmg, you have to constantly click the knights to attack but he barely hits them and they dish out great dmg #5 i dont know if this is intended but you can add an unlimited number of chickens to your starting house 5 gold at a time, once you got enough you dont need farms or any other units beside militia and one builder, since you can sell the excess food for gold and buy your other resources with the gold. meaning you should have a 80 man military with 1 builder by the time grim comes.
I loved this game. Absolutely a great strategy game.
this game is very engaging, I would love to see an option to turn the rain off, it becomes very annoying because it causes lag, and it rains often. thank you. im glad i bought the game, would buy it again, but i wont, because ive already done that.
Everything about this game is perfect.
You want a great little tower defense game that will keep you busy for a couple of hours, this is the game for you. Best two and a half euros spent on a game in a long time. ^^
This game allows you to make so many things at the same time like creating a village, making farm, chopping tree, digging downstairs and so on. This looks kinda typical survival game but the thing that sets this game apart from other games is the Timing. Because the time is running out quickly and it gets harder as time goes on. You need to find as possible resources as you can! When the boss comes out, you need to be prepared!  Pros + First of all... A "Game Maker" game, so respect... + Survival taste + Easy combats / mechanics + Not lagging / no fps problem + Perfect palette + Nice sound and musics   Cons - So dark at night if you don't have an IPS screen. - Hate ladder mechanics!  - Hard boss at 5. Day, You can not beat even in beginner. (Maybe me noob) - 3.Level Cave zombies are as tough as old shoe leather :(  Buy this game. Its cheap and fun. No regrets. No doubt. Thanks to Edym.
[h1]Grim kNights[/h1]  [u]The Meat[/u]: [list]      [*]Straight forward building mecahnics      [*]Tower defense strategem      [*]Endless mode [/list]  [u]The Bones[/u]: [list]      [*]Low variety of tactics      [*]Basic tower defense objectives [/list]  [u]The Marrow[/u]: [list]      [*]Has some glitches      [*]Plenty of entertainment for the price      [*]Actively updated [/list]  [u]The Verdict[/u]: [h1]7 out fo 10 Undead Bats[/h1]
Probably one of the most fun tower defense games ive played in a long time. Love the difficulty as it seems you cant just spam down archers or the same unit type. You need to have a good combination of units if you want to progress in this game. Hope to see more from this dev, this game has alot of potential.
good game with a very small price what is there not to like?
So far so good, still have some bugs like infinity sheep, and multi tasking miner. Hope to see some updates coming soon.
What a cool little game! A must have gem!
Has more quality content than most AAA $60 games these days. Worth every penny.
I love this game, but have just two complaints. First, the immense lag whenever it rains, and having no ability to turn off the rain. Second, the units not being smart enough to navigate up and down levels of your base without having their hand held through ladders. Other than those two things, this has been nothing but an amazing time playing.
Cool beans
One of the hidden gems on Steam. 10/10
Game Ratting Awesome game play #1  Game is awesome, it may not have the best candy eye but it all works fine!  What you need to know is building the cross bow men a lot of them and if you play the first world map build be on the giant rock near the hill that is near the first boss base.  You can build up to hill here and build about six towers or more and behind them place three walls with three or so towers on walls place men behind towers to shoot the giant creatures that throw explosive rocks at the towers and move them back and forth here. After you defeat the first green boss build the gun unit build,  all during mining a lot!  Upgrade all your units to gunners this is all you will need to win the game!  After 13 days the final boss will come you should have lots of wood spikes upgraded and tons of gun men just keep shooting him after he pass follow and keep shooting him. This game is a lot of fun and you can keep playing to get all achievements up to 20 days!
The gameplay is fun, the artstyle and music fit very well and make you feel more releaxed as you manage your village. Only problem I have is that spearmen are a little too weak, I lost 5 spearmen on night 3 while 4 archers backed them. Food income is a little too slow for how massive and picky farms are to place. Other than that, good game.
I have been addicted to this game ever since I've seen gameplay of it. From defending your home to hordes to building your small economy and town it reminds of old rts games like age of empire, but in indie form.
Great little game well worth the price of a coffee...would have paid more to be honest.  Very tough though and you will get your ass handed to you pretty much all the time.
Really fun, Really hard. Hard to say no with such a great price.
Nice little game, for sure worth the money.
Nice little side-scrolling tower defense. You can see the developer cares about the game, as it's being updated frequently to fix any little bugs that were reported.
It's nice game, where you have to just play another day.
Pros: - Price. I mean, seriously. For the amount of fun I had with this game I almost feel like I stole from the dev. - Two weeks in-game are about the amount of time someone can go through in one or two sessions and not get bored, and since that's the whole game lenght, it's comfortably bite-sized. - Challenge is on point most of the time, just make sure to not to underestimate new types of enemies that appear. Second boss wiped the floor with my "mighty" army mostly because I was sure that I was prepared for whatever the game could throw at me. - Music and graphics meshes together nicely. - Hordes of undead slowly walking toward your single tower with archer and pikeman are dreadful sight, and it's very rewarding when you somehow finally defeat them. And next night horde dubles in size, both to your awe, terror and hopefully exaltation when you vanquish them once more.  Cons: - Micromanagement. While it's fun to do in battle, it's tedious to reassign each of your workers to new resoruce once old is depleted, and it's even worse when you have to select each of villagers to check what skills they have and kill off useless ones. Some kind of villagers management panel would be great. - Lack of diversity with daily events. It's either Baba Jaga or more enemies. While it does add to the experience, more events would make game more replayable. - RNG can be harsh.  I was kind of nitpicking with those cons (except for micromanagement, it needs improvement), I really enjoyed the game and I would be ready to sink another 8 or so hours if either more replay value or units, enemies and bosses were added. I would love to see attacks of multiple, flying, burrowing or teleporting bosses, or maybe experience gain of my units instead of randomized buffs. But still, I'm nitpicking. In the end, I'm overall very satisfied, which isn't something I expected from 3$ game.
Game crashed on day 9, had to start over, looking foward to an autosave function. Good game though.
Had a lot of fun with this!
It's a game i really wonder why it is priced so low... it really deserves much more however some new content would always be appreciated and thankfully the dev is active so this is not considered a problem and if it is, just for now!
I love this game :)
Well worth the price. A fun castle defense style game, it has a lot of replay value. Alas, it does lag sometimes when it rains.
Best £2 i have spent in years.  Simple and engrossing.  UI could do with a little cleanup. Hours can slip by far to easily.
Great game, nice and cheap and also lots of fun.
Enjoyed playing it a lot, hope there will be more content and added more buildings ++. Recomnended!
Fun game, especially for the price.
Nice game. Only thing that i don't like is that the longbowmen shoot behind the target, EVEN when it's not moving. They should rather pre-fire instead of waiting untill the target gets in range to hit the enemy behind it. Also Ladders could be improved, so i don't have to say them to use it before they mine something.
Nice and fun, for the price it's a really great deal.
I really like this kind of game, well made by one guy.  I beat it at normal mode.  Worth the price.
Dang dude this game is one of the best defence games I've played in a while. It doesn't sugarcoat the difficulty and actually takes a few attempts to understand/know how to beat certin bosses and what reasources you should be rushed. My only complain with the game would be that whenever you send someone up or down stairs they don't automatically do it (get kind of annoying after a while). But for the most part it's a phenominal little indie game.  Plus more variations to untis would be nice ex. Catapults, units who pour burning oil, horse riders, gas bombers, & etc.
1st words out of my mouth: Awww, this game looks nice, and seems calm, should be fairly fun! 2 hours into my stream: Oh fuck... I think this is it guys, fuck, WHAT EVEN THE FUCK IS THAT!  Grim Nights is a fun enjoyable little game and 100% worth the money if you enjoy RTS type games.  It's not "hard" as many people are calling it, but it's not *easy* either.  I played on Normal and made it to night 7.  I think the big issue was I got swarmed by an enemy I didn't build to counter cause I hadn't encountered anything for it.  Dark Souls of RTS is a good comparison.  Sometimes something surprising happens and you just get walloped, you might just survive or you might not.  But you know it's coming next time so you can prepare better. That all being said, it *is* a slow game, the characters move slow, the enemies move slow, but it almost adds to the dread, when you see the enemy coming you have time to prepare but you're constantly wondering.  "Is it enough?" Until you're not, than you're probably gonna die the moment you decide to ignore the enemy. Or Moghda.  Never ignore Moghda.  Fucking bitch.
I've never placed a review on anything before. Never felt a need. This game is 10/10. I absolutely love the minimalistic pixel graphics. The game is very much enjoyable, and while I don't stream, I bought a copy for my friend who does because this game is as fun to watch as it is to play. I not only reccomend this game, but I reccomend the Dev increase the price to $5-10. Mod support through the workshop could be fun, but I am personally enjoying the base game.  The population max capacity is at 81. It's balanced for what there is, but I spend a great deal of time from round 10 to round 13 wishing it were higher.  EDIT: Regarding the 7 Negative reviews the game currently has, basically all of them are complaining about the game being too difficult based on a lack of understanding or salt because of basic mistakes on their end.
Its a fun little indie game. It can be challenging untill you know what your doing.
This reminds me of a game I played in the 90's.  It was exceptionally good for the price, I'm always keen on a high £1 to 1hr ratio, even more so when you see that there is 3 maps to play.  It would have been nice if the maps were a bit more varied as well as if there was a way to speed up the days ad hoc, Nonetheless I very much enjoyed my playthrough.
All around amazing game
A fantastic tower defense game with well-balanced unit types, good music, and indie charm.  It has some bugs but nothing game-breaking and the developer is working on them.  For $3 it is one of the best deals on Steam.   I really hope the developer continues making content.
Great Tower Defense + Town Managmenet game! I like it :)
For 2,39 this game is a steal. If the dev reads this: awesome job and consider upping the price a bit, just 1 euro more for each game sold can go a long way!
15 plus hours for a great price felt like a tower defense game
Damn this game is good. It's fun, it's tight, it's polished.  A great little resource, fight, and kinda tower defence game rolled in. And oh, those pixel graphics... Seriously good graphics. I don't really need to say more. It's so damn cheap, so polished, the dev cares and takes feedback, the music is atmospheric, the graphics are perfect, the learning curve is mostly good, and like a lot of casual games of this nature, you aren't expected to dominate. I really am liking it a lot.  The only things slightly frustrating are two things:  1. The lack of path finding on the ladders, and even stopping on the right floors when you mine is a bit annoying. As a super small indy dev, path finding AI may be a bit much to ask given the need for a life, but it'd be nice. 2. the screen side scrolling is super slow, which can be a bit of a nuisance navigating the very long maps. Sometimes going to the minimap click isn't the option you want to use.  It's funny, i just spent most of my review talking about two small things. [b]So take note folks, this is an EXCELLENT game.[/b] And it's so cheap it's stupid. I hope this dev actually makes money. Their game making skills are brilliant.
So my first review ever, the first time ive played a game and felt mad but also happy because everyone in my village is either limping or eating 8x as much! But for real though this game is super addicting. And i cant wait for the night time to come to see if i survive another night! Big props the Dev and im excited to see what he has planned for the future.  My final verdict: 10/10 Super fun, super dificult, and why is everyone limping LOVE IT! p.s. i paid 2,39 which is super cheap, id happily pay more!
ok it's super hard on normal difficulty at and after the first boss but aside from that its fuckin great. I personally think it should have a 2-4 player coop thing where multiple people work together to keep one village alive
I like the idea of the game it's fun to play. I hope there will be more in this game in the future, I see alot of potential with more buildings, new monsters and some more great bosses. plus maybe some walls but whatever will make this game better! I love this Game. woo
This is a simple, neat little "tower defense" sort of game. To be honest, the developer is asking too little for it. I would have paid 10-15 and have still been pleased with my purchase!
Charming little game, imagine Kingdom meets They Are Billions. Unit management could be smoother, for example by actually showing you if a worker is idle instead of only offering a hotkey to select the next one, which results in you constantly pressing that key to see if someone is idle atm.  Apart from that it all works smoothly, combat feels satisfying and the dev did a good job in not letting it get stale by sending the same enemies every night. Probably not a game I will play for 100+ hours, but I still think the dev could have charged more for it, solid quality product.
Love it ! Just give it a try, it worth it for what it costs.  + Simple gameplay + Very pleasant soundtrack + addictive !
Its a very good game! But i have some fps problems :( Waiting for a fix
This is a great game. Very good game play. Love the latest update where I can FINALLY use a key to turn on torches and place  torches. BUT the MOST ANNOYING THING: FPS is horrendus during rain. PLEASE FIX, not even restarting the game works. 4/5
Its tly nice casual game
Looks like a neet game, BUT i have like 12-20 fps and this makes it quite tideus to play are there any fixes ?
Game's pretty fun. Doesn't run too great right now, but I think that's just an issue with the latest patch. Dev seems to be pretty on top of it. Kind of like a tower defense, RTS, resource management thing, I like it.
Sacrifice 20 peasants to a creepy old lady for potions.
This game so far is quite unique. Its difficulty is enticing, and can't wait to see what the future updates have in store. Keep up the Great work.
awesome game for an awesome price, this is a great little indy game that plays really smooth and is relitivily bug free. sometime the archer towers bug out but you just take everyone out and break it and build a new one, i would really love to see this game get worked on further and i really hope it keeps providing me entertainment on rainiy nights lol. i think most people would enjoy this game and i honestly think it would work good as a moble game too! shoutout to the developer for making such an awesome game so cheap and worth buying!!
Grim Nights is a simple and elegant game, in the vein of Kingdom. The controls are almost entirely point and click, there are only a few resources to manage, there are only three tiers of tech, the enemy always comes from one side of the map, and the only goal is to survive 13 nights. Like Kingdom, you will build a simple town and defend it each night, with periodically particularly nasty nights. Unlike Kingdom, you do not have a hero unit and, instead of gathering resources to the sides of the map, you gather resources from mining deep into the earth.  What the game currently lacks in content, it makes up for in difficulty and design. Hypothetically, you could play through the game in a few hours... but you won't. The game allows the player to save at any time, with up to 7 concurrent saves, and it utilizes this as a feature. Each new enemy type that shows up has their own tricks and will likely devastate the player on their initial introduction. Thus, the game is largely an experimental affair, where you encounter a new challenge, test out a tactic, fail, reload, and try again until you find a solution that works well. In my experience, that usually involved a few tries each. This, IMO, is the game's strength. The solutions are always logical and require the player to exercise critical thinking in a satisfying way. Each victory is earned and the player feels accomplished. Careful thought is also needed in building a thriving economy to support the war machine.  Furthermore, the dev is already releasing a substantial update to the game, with new units, buildings, maps, etc., and seems to be responding well to feedback. Even with no further development, the game is more than worth the generously low price. Beating this game on the hardest difficulty will take most people many hours but, more importantly, (as with Kingdom) those hours will be enjoyable and you will want to continue playing long after the content has been exhausted. For that reason, I am eager to see what future content the dev will drop on us and I hope some paid DLC or sequels find their way to us!
game is a great concept, needs some work, dont expect to get passed the sixth night
Im loving the game even though i cant get past day 8 yet but there is one bug that is really anoying where if someone dies in a tower it says it is still occupied and you cant put a new person in it unless you destroy the tower and build a new one.  other than that i feel sulpher shouldnt be so rare and that this game is amazing regardless
Outstanding value. Dev is probably not charging enough. I paid about $3 or $4 US.
Great Game!
It's a nice and simple game and cheap too, just a little bit hard, but that's not a bad thing. I recommend buying it.
Simple and sympathetic play.
A pleasant experience. Honest game description. Fun to play although very hard. I like it.  Edit: I came back after a while to see improvement in AI pathfinding and new units. 10/10 would buy again. And that cheap DLC is pretty cool too.
It has bugs and also a lot of other minor problems. But overall it is a good buy and you will have fun while playing it. It is still a young game and I believe that it is going to get only better.
3$, this is an absolute steal. The game is so much better than so many similar titles costing 10x as much.   It's simple, challenging and great. I'd say if the developer adds some more content - like schools to train a trait from one citizen to another - he can and should lift the price to 3x of what he charges now and it would still be a steal.
Really enjoyed this great little game. There's a lot of potential here and, for the price, it's a fun ride. I played for two days and nights and posted a short Let's Play on my youtube channel, so you can check that out if you want to. Loads of fun! https://youtu.be/Xt5UgT2GqZI
No doubt its a great game! But I do suggest that you play on normal mode instead of easy mode so you get more of the ready-ness then taking it slow, but if you want a good grasp go on very easy. (For dem dankest people go on hard if you want dark souls 3 in a nutshell)  Although it being a 4 dollar game, its a great trade. Just make you sure you have atleast 1 hour of spare time. This game goes on for a while and requires plenty of time to play. The front/'s get destoryed, in day 5 or so you'll of lost 8 people, and rebuild. How long does this game go on for? Maybe its infinite? Because the end castle isn't going down, and the waves keep on getting harder.                                                            GOOD LUCK
8/10
Great game, a few issues but pretty good  Night 7 gets really hard, i played in beginner and survived a week. The climbing and decending ladders thing could be improved great game for its price 8/10 would get killed by big green monsters again
Simple and absolutely addicting. Reminds me of 90s PC games that didn't spell everything out for you and left an air of mystery.
Like the game so far needs a fast forward/speed up button takes forever for the waves to get to you.
This is one of those games that you tell yourself you're going to spend half an hour playing it and you'll move on because you got other stuff to do that day but you eventually started saying things like "Ok, just one more day/night...just one more wave...I almost got it this time so just one more try" and then you ended up sinking 3-4 hours each session.  Not perfect by any means, kinda short and simple but highly addictive. Definitely worth the price.
yes
For this price it's a masterpiece. Really great game.
It's a fun little game. It's not perfect, I haven't managed to get past day 6 yet, but it's well worth the price.
Very good game, especially for the price. Simple, great music, only $3. What a steal! Oh and for the dev, sometimes how many people can go on one tower can get messed up.
When you first play this game, you will want to smash your keyboard into a million pieces. On your second run, you will get a little better. On your third run, you will be good enough to defeat the first boss. This cycle goes on until you reach day 14.  I see a lot of people complaining about the difficulty. If it wasn't difficult, I wouldn't play it. This game is designed to be played with trial and error in mind, you learn from your mistakes, you understand the game mechanics, you get better everytime.  Sound design is perfect, music is exceptional but gets slightly repetitive, micromanagement is more baby sitting than leading which can be a good or bad thing.  I absolutely love this game. The only part I'm not a fan of is the end game (after day 13), yes, it is optional and there really isn't much point in going beyond day 13 but I got to day 31 and just got bored, the enemies weren't difficult anymore and the 81 man limit on the population just kicked all the fun of expanding the town out.  Would definetly recommend if you like resource management, micromanagement and a difficult RTS all in one package.
It plays amazing, but there are some serious cons.  The negative part first: The game crashes occasionally late game, I experienced framedrops and other instabilities. Your mouse offsets while scrolling over the map, When the physics characters jump over to the next tower it doesnt register they fell off and a lot of other polishing flaws.  It wont go too deep into the flaws, but feel free to add me on steam if you want more info  Now the positive, it's insanely fun! If you ignore the named flaws, you'll have a damn lot of fun, its really strategic and there is a serious challenge. Its definitly worth its price and considering its made by one guy, I definitly recommend it!
Very good game to kill some time. The controls are a bit confusing at start, but soon i got used to them. Have not played much yet, but the first boss is pretty tough to beat. Also nights after the first boss are very difficult, but that is the point of the game I guess. All in all good value for the price. :)
A good game scares a lot of games on which more people have been doing this game I underestimated, and even the lightest difficulty after the third night I lost hope and upgrades and I do not look out for her looking forward to more. : D: D
More fun than it should be for 3$!   Dev said he's excited about the interest and is going to push out some content in a few weeks, looking forward to it.
Will do !
I almost skipped past this game but at the price I thought why not give it a try. Its the best few £ I have spent this year. Very enjoyable game.
For that price it's well worth buying and you'll have good 8 hours with it.
A vey nice TD and Resource management game!  But it seems to be rather difficult even on the easiest of the settings. It might be that I'm just that awfull at the game though.
An interesting and addictive game.  The pixelated art style is pleasant, the music is very soothing and matches the game's atmosphere very well.  The gameplay is a mix of balancing resource gathering and defence building, with varying degrees of randomness that increase the replayability of the game. The difficulty ramps up quite fast, and requires some thinking to beat the challenges.  There are some issues with interface and controls, selecting and managing villagers is not very convenient and could use some quality of life improvements.  Overall, well worth playing.
Again a £2.09 game that is still updating and fixing stuff. The dev doesnt really have to but here he is actually putting effort and time into his game.  I personally think this is a great game and would suggest it to anyone, specially if you enjoyed Kindom.
Fun little game, absolutely recommend for this price. Maybe the difficulty spikes a bit too soon but you can tell that the developer put quite some effort and passion into it.
Fun game! Totally worth it like others have written, as it is very cheap.    Things that could improve it a lot: A new building "School" to retrain your villagers traits. Windowed mode Able to increase the speed.
This game really is worth it's price (well, not hard for how cheap it is), I recommend it BUT!: -It is maybe a bit too hard, even the beginner mode seems pretty challenging to me - the pace is too slow, everything seems to be happening is slowmotion, and there are many times when I just find myself waiting too long for my units to do their tasks or move; even when there's a lot going on; that also makes it unbearable to keep slow-moving units in your village despite that, the game is still pretty enjoyable, though I am really looking forward for needed updates 
[b]What is it?[/b] A delightful resource management, village vs monsters, side-scrolling survival sim made by one guy.   [b]What was good?[/b] Easy to learn, difficult to master. Good progression. Graphics/music really suit it.  [b]What could be improved?[/b] This is nitpicking because for having only one developer, it is a very polished game. It's sooooo annoying my villagers don't know how to use ladders. It makes micro managing my miners/troops tedious (I feel like this will get fixed in an update). Mogha (I think) is a monster that occasionally appears and needs to be appeased by sacrificing workers. My stupid workers keep trying to attack it instead of letting themselves get eaten and it gets mad and destroys everything. Not sure if I'm doing something wrong or not sacrificing enough guys or what.  [b]Value?[/b] Great. Please support this developer.  [b]Verdict?[/b] Very enjoyable for people who enjoy micromanaging resources, people and buildings, as well as those who like supporting smaller developers.
Very nice, enjoyably simple, and fun lookin pixel art :D
I'm blown away by this game. For the price, my expectations were low, and this game crushed it. Side scrolling/village building/RTS. Well done. I've had a lot of fun with the game. The musician in me feels compelled to tell you how great the music is for this game. It's a perfect fit and really builds the atmosphere. I may be in the minority by saying this game DOESN'T cost enough, we're all getting a bargain here. Well made, great feeling, the best three dollars I've spent in a long while. 10/10. Very excited for Edym Pixels!
Great management / defense game. You build a town during the day and defend during the night, you can also go below the ground and look for treasures / valuable resources.  Had it crash on me during the game, so I suggest saving often. Definitely worth it's money for what it offers, go grab it now.
Firstly using my super complex beer price to game time formula it was going to be difficult for this not to succeed being it only needed to fill about half hour.  Fun little game this, mechanics are obvious enough to figure out, Trees give wood, food comes out of fields, everything else you need to dig into the ground. Trader is a useful bit for getting everything.  That being said, I'm currently struggling to get past day 5, beginning enemies lull you into a false sense of security, later enemies soon  show you how quickly the tide can turn. Other bit you'll easily get tripped up on, food. at the beginning you'll be producing so easily and get focused on delving deep into the ground that you'll suddenly notice you've got none left. Bit of comparison seems to be order of the day, it's a bit like; Kingdom - with more building, less exploring, fighting is similar in that you'll have a defensive line, but more opponent variety and you're a bit more in control of your troops Life is Hard - I much prefer Grim Nights, it's a bit more obvious on what you should do. LiH I just never seemed to get going (I probably missed something very simple).  Overall, for the price, why wouldn't you give this a go unless it massively increases in price I can't see any reason not to kill a couple of hours on it
This is the best $3 game I've ever played! Buy it for sure.
Could use some improvements here and there but overall its quite a fun game and it costs almost nothing.
Fun little game!  Difficulty is high... maybe a bit too hard? (or I'm missing something...) But gameplay is really entertaining. I'd say you could get 5-10 hours out of this game easily as is.
The game is not over-complex, but still challenging, even in beginner mode. There some always new, nasty suprises in the enmy waves. There are still some bugs like large enemies bugging in the mine shafts and Archers shooting on dead enemy bodies. But I guess that can be fixed.  For the low price, you'll make no mistake if you like village wave defense defense games.
Post 1.1.1: with the hotfix resolving the lag issues, Grim Nights has really picked up with it's QOL,  with good hotkeys, fixed pathing and even some additional tools and options really rounds out Grim Nights so much further!  Grim Nights is still a challenge, which might be what you're looking for, in which case bunker down, drop some towers and get your guns and arablists ready, you're going to need them, the night is cold and dark and that roaling moan only gets louder.  Pre 1.1 review: if you're after a dragging paced needy game with a ton of micro because of poor pathing and other ai blunders or just the sheer lack of shortcut, hotkeys, or other general QOL options that everyone seems to be going on about. then this might be for you.  otherwise, I can't play this for more then a session at a time and I can't seem to bring myself to give it a 4th attempt,  it takes an insane amount of time/effort/microing to organize and keep an aggressive front to maintain against the impossible incoming hordes.  the upgrades are limited so you're left feeling with so few options for variety or methods on how to solve a solution. so you're left with the only option of building mass numbers while very limited by your over all population size or build space.  the after you've done this for 3-4 game days it all gets washed away by a boss,  at which point I told myself I think i'm good, I have better things to do with my time then mess with this stress test.
An interesting mix of town management (I particularly like the mining options) and tower defense.  The game is challenging, particularly with the upgrades in enemy types really keeping you on your toes.  A terrific game - especially at this price. 
1. Click "Add To Cart" 2. Review:  Like others have mentioned, Grim Nights has some small QOL quirks: - No building shortcuts - The drag box doesn't immediately register the first corner on clicking. - Building placement not intuitive and a boss once got stuck attacking a "buried" spike  Whatever. I'm guessing these are things that aren't too difficult to fix.  It's a beautiful game if you like pixel art and the music is great. It reminds me of Clonk and the Finnish freeware games of the 90's like Liero. It has its own atmosphere.  There is enough here to build on. I hope the dev sticks to it, cause I'm definitely gonna keep my eye on any updates.
Fun game on the surface. Tho some of the random events ramp the difficulty in a almost unbalanced way. You better hope that even tho you sacrifice 6 villagers to Mohga that he is not displeased cause the spiders he makes will wreck 12 archers in guard towers that have been buffed or have damage perks. Or the day 2 densly packed horde that will level your town. Fun game but random events seem to have no defense against in early game.
GOOD GAME , CHEAP PRICE  need more update
Extremely well-made game, especially for its price of $3.25. A must buy for people who are looking for a cheap, fun but simple game. However, it is without cons, game is hard even in beginner difficulty, would like to see more bildings and traits added. Maybe add a additional defense building in beginner mode, a wall, this would really help beginners learn the basics easily as the wall should very much help beginners to defend easily. While for experienced players maybe remove the wall in normal difficulty and above. Lastly, add more objectives around the map, like statues that may give us buffs if we manage to capture and hold it for a period of time. Anyways, please continue working on this game, it has a lot of potential!
Very fun game for its price.
Nice little game. Fun for few hours.
Really great game but archers are too OP at the start.
Similar to Kingdom (New Lands) in most aspects but different in detail.  If you like sidescrolling (2D and pixel) strategy games of this type i would also compare it to Life is Hard, although Life is Hard is def. a more expanded version of Grim Nights. For the price Grim Nights seems all right.  The only thing that bothers me is that there is no endless mode and only one map.  No random seeds in any way or the like. That also means the game is basically played through quite fast without any reason to play more, which is sad for the effort the developer made. On top i had several bugs, like Zombies getting stuck underground and couldnt be attacked for example, or a villager simultaniously mining and hacking on a dead rabbit. Other than those situations it ran flawless and i cant say i had anything gamebreaking. Balance seems ok-ish.  In my eyes a few of the later enemies are vastly too strong as they can wipe out 15 units with one attack and there is no way to even heal them or protect them.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Edit: The developer has since done exactly what i hoped he/she would do. Therea new maps, buildings, units, more randomness and other new features included. This makes Grim Nights THE best 2D strategy defense game, simply by the amount of content, the quality provded and the price.  For 3€ you get a game that probably should cost 3 times as much. If the Developer continues this way, the game could become a legend for games of its kind, shortly behind Rise to Ruins (its hard to beat RtR, as its currently the best strategic survival city builder you could think of). -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Continued review: I can absolutely recommend it for the price though. It has most of the qualities a strategy game needs. You build a small village, manage and harvest resources, train units and expand your techs to upgrade units and buildings. It also has a few events going that fit nicely, although i would wish more of that.   If the developer manages to expand on the formula by adding endless mode, maybe random maps or at least a few more maps to choose from and on top a few more buildings and units (mage and rider), then he could easily raise the price aswell.  I hope there is more coming, or maybe even a sequel that is more ambitious. In fact, i wouldl ove to see a 2D strategy game like that with multiplayer, which could be done in so many different ways. Swords and Soldiers shows how a versus mode could work. For further inspiration the dev could look at Life is Hard and/or Kingdoms.  If you are interested in these games, this is to be recommended. It is good and cheap. And if you feel like you want more then look at: - Life is Hard - Kingdoms: New Lands - Rise to Ruins  All with their own twists but the same formula. If you dont mind switching the perspective but want to keep the style, then i can only recommend deeply Rise to Ruins (former Retropixel Castles). That game is also the same formula only top down and vastly enhanced and expanded.  Rise to Ruins is your go to address as its superior to all 4 games listed here. Compared Grim Nights feels a bit like a demo or proof of concept, but this def. is no problem as its deep enough.
It's quite fun, engaging, and the pixel art looks great, and the music is good too. The only downside is that you can't pause, leading to hectic moments, and you can't increase the speed when all villagers have orders already. Though the game is definitely worth it at this low price.
Like others has written: Many hours of fun for almost no price. And the pixel art is really great.
Solid game for it's price. Could have some QoS features, but overall it is pretty sturdy and is almost better then some of the kingdom-like games with how it functions
its okay i had fun. could need some more quality of life things, but its super cheap so u decide
Keep in mind that I'm writing this review with 1.5 hours of game time.  Grim Nights is awesome. It's awesome in the way that small indie games are awesome. For a low cost you get at least a couple of hours of entertainment which leaves you wanting a few more.  Pros: + Resource & personnel management that keeps you thinking + Simple, intuitive gameplay  + Wonderful pixel art and animation  Cons: - Pixel art and animation. I am a graphics whore... - Gets hectic at times to a point of frustration.  All in all, I like the game and will keep playing it for a while longer.  9/10
Very simple arcade-puzzle action where you have to get enough energy pellets to fill your "boo meter" in order to scare humans.  It feels less like an SNES game and more like one of those weirdo 90s arcade games that you've never heard of but you accidentally find and have a fun afternoon with.   Surprisingly fun.  It's nothing amazing or something you should go out of your way to play but if you've got $2 to spare, it's worth a shot.  It's short but never boring!
Pretty funny game with a various contents to unlock (characters, endings and other sfuff). The gameplay is fine, graphics nice and sound mediocre (but the voice was very good). So I think is a good game for kids and who love happy-go-lucky games in 16 bit pixel art.  vote: 7.5
[h1]Video (gameplay + commentary):[/h1] https://youtu.be/oyXUNumWNFo  [h1]Summary:[/h1] A puzzle game that anyone of any age can enjoy. Considering how many jump scare horror and Halloween games there are out there, it was pretty refreshing to play something with a more relaxing pace. From what we played, the puzzles ramp up their difficulty logically, the retro graphics are nice, and the music is charming. A lot of variety to be had for just a few bucks.
An enjoyable, short, simple, puzzle stealth game with a decent amount of unlockables. If you want something non-scary this Halloween, but want to enjoy the Halloween spirit, this is for you. Normally I try to write longer reviews, but I think the game speaks for itself and basically set out and did what it wanted to do. Sometimes walking back and forth can get a little boring, but that's about it. Though they do need to work on the music loops and make them y'know... loop. When it comes to the music, it reminds me more of Sega CD redbook audio than a SNES.  No, why I'm leaving a positive review is that some guy literally didn't check the games options and just said it's not joypad enabled. Having played through it with an Xbox 360 controller: You are wrong and your *"review" is bad.  If the problem was that it only supports my Xbox 360 controller, Steam now has tools that let you customize controls for any controllers. So that's on you, again.  *The review that got me to write this has been taken down.
I like Jam Studio VR most because you don’t have to have any musical skill or ability; it’s great for all levels. Especially for those kids who are a little nervous at first, they try it and they love it! So I think it really opens their mind up to not only this but other possibilities of what they can do if they jump into something and try it. And it’s great because it’s not that competitive - they’re doing it on their own and as they want, so it’s not a competition and it’s not intimidating for them to get into it. It’s also a great incentive and motivator because they really love it and want to do it.  Lisa Geonnotti, Team Lead – 3-5th Grade Gateway Academy
Share Your Blessings, Inc. is a nonprofit organization that is dedicated to helping children and adults with special needs. We have been using Jam Studio VR with these individuals at schools, day care centers, in homes, and in other facilities and I have personally seen Jam Studio VR works wonders with this population. They are engaged and focused when using Jam Studio VR, have fun doing things they never thought they could do, and also exercise their fine and gross motor skills, cognitive skills, and other therapeutic goals. The new Learning & Therapy content, including the lesson plans, the therapy guides, and the different music appreciation, instrument, and fundamentals education series are all excellent - I highly recommend the Jam Studio VR Education & Health Care Edition! Tom Reidy, Director Share Your Blessings
I took some time thinking if I should buy this or not. I was afraid about the way climate change is presented in the game. I'm happy I took my changes and bought it. The approach to climate change hasn't had the feel of preaching nor the effect of human activities have felt overexaggerated. GS brings Civ 6 to a whole new level and in my opinion, now the game feels as it should have felt in the release.
great 
It really makes it more interesting, interesting also in later eras (cause obviously any civ in early era will make you loose precious sleep time cause one more turn). AI is still dumb (though a little more active, which surprised me and actually made it more interesting) but the world congress gives a nice surprise from time to time, i.e. when all AIs attack you cause you have been a bad person ;)
Excellent game, full of variation. Not for the impatient. This is the highest point of this franchise.
how to ruin a great franchise ... the climatehoax in your game...spacerobots... no fixes for diplomacy religion or the broken spawnlocations.... worthless congress this game has cost me about 150euros... please do better
If you love Civ and want more, you should definitely check this out. It adds a whole new layer to the game and I think it's pretty good.
Overall It has added a very pretty effect it the game, I like that it names rivers and other natural features now, the natural storms really add a cool effect to the game, and it makes more simple when it comes to diplomacy  The world congress is okay, but its hella confusing and I find it difficult to navigate. It is DAMN near impossible to get shit done when your CO2 levels are high, it hurts your diplomatic score, ruins relations and causes sea levels to rise.  Yeah theres green technology, but it takes up way too much space when i could use that land for districts or farms. this expansions adds a new strategic placement of things to the game for sure, you have to choose weather you wanna sacrifice production to be a tree hugger and keep diplomatic favor or ruin the envrionment. Lastly, the Price is way too high and the AI are still c*^ts even after you sign numerous alliances with them. I would rate this expansion 7 out of 10, like i said the world congress system could be way better.
Must-have DLC if you like Civ VI Adds a lot of flavour to the game  Just don't pay it for 40 damn Euros
When they ask me for money, I really would like to know why.
This expansion is great! The climate changes and energetic resources are great. Found many cities in snow just to get that uranium. The world congress is like United Nations, where countries woth more support get more votes, it is unfair, but realistic.
Weather! Fucking canals!!! what more could I ever want in a Civ game.
I played the game quite a bit before this expansion came out, and actually gave that version a negative review. Rise and Fall fixed handful of issues, and Gathering Storm built on that success. With all the DLC added, the game is good fun. The DLC civs bring some nice flavour to the game, while the GS additions make the end-game a little more worth exploring than it was previously.  Do you need GS for the game to be good? Probably no, R&F was really good and I personally enjoy the Civs it included more than the ones in GS. If the asking price is not an issue, GS is definitely worth picking up.
Awesome DLC, but wait for a discount (50% ish) €40 is wayyy to much for what it adds.
Finally the game feels polished and complete. Lots more features and improvements, still not a fan of the climate changes but it is a nice feature.
Good DLC but its not worth £35 - it's worth £23.99 max but for the changes it adds I'll recommend it. Comments are on if you disagree.
If like me you bought in on CIV 6 recently on the 2k store with huge discount they offered on the base game for those who have other CIVs on steam.   If you buy Gathering Storm you get the new content from that and the base mechanic upgrades from the first DLC as well!  With only just buying GS!  You won't have the new Civs from the first DLC, but you will have City Gov's and the golden age mechanics and city loyalty and all the goodies in GS as well.  So it's almost 2 for the price of one!  Playing on the Earth map the natural disasters do strike quite well on level 3 or more and have an impact that's not to over the top on a 500 turn game.  Diplomacy is much better with the upgrades than the base game as well.  I'll probably nab the first DLC when it's next on sale.  But there are already many mods for CIV 6.  So actually quite impressed with all the new content after clocking up about 50 hours with the base game recently.  I would watch some tutorial vids on the new mechanics if you are thinking of buying in.  But I have to say after around 10 hours game time I really like the changes to combat the base game had over Civ 5 and the DLC has added some extra new options.  
I've got a couple hundred hours playing the gathering storm, so I would say I got my money's worth. I've been playing the series basically since it came out. Civiliation 5 was really good. But I read comments about Civ 6 when it came out and it sounded like there were serious AI issues and I would have been frustrated. When the Gathering Storm expansion came out, it sounded like alot of the problems with 6 had been fixed and I gave it a shot. I've really enjoyed the Gathering Storm and would say it is the best of the series in my opinion.
Absolutely necessary to play this game.  I mean, how else are you going to destroy the world without climate change? 10/10 allows me to flood the world
My favourite expansion in the series; I can highly recommend it!
All the people complaining about how bad the dlc is still bought it lol
Good
Three words:  Giant Death Robot
Great update to a very good game
Great expansion pack!!!
One of the best DLCs of Civ. The new climate system makes very good sense, but some mechanism still needs further development.
I love all of the new changes but the AI is so bad that sometimes it just makes the game unenjoyable.
It's ... okay. Adds some very cool and interesting civs, disasters keep things interesting. I'm not against you grabbing it on sale.  Where I think it fails is Global Warming. It's just ... nothing. There's all these systems built around sustainable energy and CO2 emission and like, if you totally ignore it and pump as much coal in the atmosphere as you want then the worst thing that happens is you maaaybe lose a few tiles. There's three real problems with it:  1) Not that many actual tiles get flooded 2) you can see which tiles will flood from the very beginning of the game, which means it's very easy to just not build in places that will flood 3) sea walls build very quickly and show up too early  Global warming is basically totally negligible, if you plan for it even a little bit. There's so many systems built around it, and you just ignore them but there's no point in doing otherwise. The game really wants you to be scared of global warming, but then pulls the punch so much that it's meaningless.
Gathering Storm adds a lot of interesting mechanics that make every game more fun. Yeah, it's quite expensive, and yeah, the natural disasters are a little awkwardly timed or maybe even anti-climatic, but there's a lot that the expansion has to offer. The consumable resources are awesome, because now I can actually accumulate resources and store them instead of being limited to the number of mines I have. The world congress diplomacy system is also awesome, and now I feel more involved with my civilization games.  It's a fun expansion, and I recommend it!
Fantastic addition to the Civ series.  I can understand the concern with the $40 price point and considering a lot of these features should have been included from the beginning.  That being said, the updates are great, weather offers a great dynamic, and more winning scenarios the better.
Great update, but all of  a sudden we got a version mismatch out of nowhere. We have run pc/mac cross and it worked like a charm, until today. What happened? Is the problem gonna be adressed? Best R, mono & Joannanas
!
This is the type of expansion that makes the game work. Very worth it, though a bit overpriced. Kind of like the Brave New World expansion for Civ 5, it makes the game feel complete.
Please let it go on sale firaxis
Good DLC, way way way overpriced. 20.00 and it's well worth it.
I like it
This is the best expansion so far and well worth getting. Yes...the price is steep but if you're an avid fan of CIV like me the amount of hours justifies it. I honestly don't understand why everyone is so salty...this is the best CIV experience so far. recommended!
Very happy with it.  I've put many hours into the expansion so it's worth the price to me.
Finally Civ 6 beats Civ 5
The only thing bad in my opinion about the gathering storm DLC is that I don't think there's enough future era units. But other than that the Gathering Storm DLC is Definitely worth the hefty Price tag. 
good dlc for civilization 6 why? Because you can make giant death robots and recreate the wolfenstein regime with the german civilization
Most intense expansion to date
A huge improvement over the original Civilization VI....amazing worker tile improvements including renewable energy options. The ability to reduce the carbon foot print & global worming is a great touch, & diplomacy is well thought through. Great additions to the tech & civic tree however its a shame that it's only towards the end that you can choose your spy promotions from all possible promotions. That is a real shame as you cannot create great offensive & defensive spies earlier on. It'a also great that you can now have religious & other units on the same tile however it still gets over crowded with religious units even if you deactivate the religious victory! So many amazing things I can talk about but the bottom line is this: THANK YOU GUYS FOR MAKING CIVILIZATION GREAT AGAIN! 10/10 
This expansion really elevates the game to the next level. I've played Civilization since the beginning and it's always been my favorite. This one got off to a slow start just like the rest but now that we near the end everything is falling into place. This is now my favorite version of the game. I didn't expect to like the natural disasters as much as I do but graphics, music, and ambiance are top notch. I was worried this series might fall into the abyss and just cater to the people that liked Civ V, but not so. This one is different and tries to make everyone happy and those differences really make the game better. Well done.
it wont work
I've actually been really enjoying this game ever since I got this dlc and rise and fall. I was really disappointed with Civ 6 when it first came out. It just felt bare and weird, plus the AI and warmongering were so annoying. That being said, this dlc has entirely changed my mind. Once I realized that this was a different game from civ 5 and started to play it differently, the game got way better. Although a lot of that is helped by the improvements the dlc has brought to the game. Although it's a bit sad that this game doesn't feel complete without having to pay a pretty hefty price on these dlcs. It's basically buying another game. That being said, civ 5 is completely unfinished without the dlcs as well. It's a pattern. That being said I'll talk about the features. Civ 6's Gather storm implemented pretty interesting things to Civ 6  The global warming and catastrophes are a pretty interesting concept to add to the game. It adds a bit of spice to every game and the environmental effects do happen often. Volcanoes are OP if you set up close to them, but expect your stuff to be destroyed occasionally. Floods are alright, they aren't the worst and can add a lot of fertility but they won't wreck your stuff, also dams pretty much get rid of it and still give you the bonuses. Tornadoes usually just fly right past you, Hurricanes are pretty damaging, but that's only if you are on the coast and unlucky. Droughts suck if it hits you, although if you have a aqueduct it won't affect your city. And then we go to climate change.  Climate change in this game is pretty. . .Whatever. There are some mods that greatly help, especially with coastal flooding and clean energy, but in the base game, it's usually just a very minor annoyance and you don't really feel the impact of it. Usually you can just build a flood wall and it's fine. If anything climate change is useful against enemy civs, as they are usually techs behind or just don't build flood walls, so their tiles get wreck. Only if they are in the rare tiles that flood. Also you usually just forget about your Co2 output, it also doesn't negatively effect your relationship with other civs. It would be cool if you are just using coal and destroying the planet and then the other civs would get mad at you for it.  The resource management introduced is really cool. It adds a much better use for the resources and actually really does give you a big reason to want to settle cities only just for their strategic resource. Because it's really valuable for production in factories and units, it's pretty devastating if you don't have the material. Factories are cool things, but the clean energy is really under developed. It would be cool if they could be gathered in batteries and dispersed or used like a factory, but that isn't a thing. There is a mod that fixes that. Most of the technology like homesteads(which are just islands you can build on the sea.) and Off shore windmills, are at the end of the tech tree, and it's something you'll probably never see, as you'll probably just finish the game before then unless you are going for science victory or just having a hard time.  World congress can add interesting things to the game. The Ai does vote for things in it's favor and you'll only rarely get everything you want(unless you stack up city states, which isn't really that hard.) It can sometimes lead to cool events like starting a world war or challenges to a certain characters, and rewards people who take part in the competition. If you are the target of a liberation battle, you'll get stuff if you fight off the other civs. It's just an small element added, but it could lead to interesting events.  Military Engineers are cool, and pretty much just adds another builder type. They can make missile silos for nukes, railroads or airfield for holding planes and some other stuff.  The new technologies introduced really do add much needed attention to the 21st century. Actually the late game might be the most fun part of the game now. There are so many cool unique districts/developments and units you can make now.  New leaders are new leaders. I haven't tried them all but I liked Dido and another one I forgot the name of. Their cool but Canada kinda sucks, his unique things are kinda pointless.   I haven't played any of the scenarios so I can't really say anything about them.  The new system added are really cool. Science victory take longer to complete and so does culture. The new diplomatic victory is a cool way to utilize the World Congress, but it's not too hard to win with it, although you could have your points taken away, as the AI will target you and can vote out your points. So it's a game of tug and war along with taken advantage of aid missions. The grievances system adds alot to this dlc. It really does remove the warmongering factor that was plaguing the vanilla game. Now civs won't just get mad at anything and no wars happen. War actually happen a lot and it can give a lot of factors on if civs or you have justification for your actions.   The AI. . .Although it's better, it's still pretty dumb. They do take advantage of situations, but when they attack you they don't think it through. They become your buddy pretty quickly or enemy quickly. Also here is a little tip if you want to make money fast. You can trade 1 coal/oil/ uranium for 100 gold. Or even just give them one for luxury goods. If you give them 2 and ask them for 200 they won't trade. So all you need to do is trade 1 coal for 100 gold, exit trade, go back in and trade again, then rinse and repeats. You can entirely wipe out enemies fund pretty quickly and have endless amount of gold. So the AI isn't great.  All together. Civ 6's dlc adds much needed improvement to civ 6. End game is now some of the most fun you could have in an era, and there are so many unique events. Climate change is pretty whatever, but natural events happen frequently and add fun random events. They mix things up. Resources are cool but clean energy really isn't fleshed out. World congress is cool if not a bit hollow at times, but can still add fun interesting events, like world wars,banning factories or cutting material. Aid missions/ competitions. etc. AI is still kinda dumb. The improved mechanics are cool.  Conclusion: Civ 6 feels incomplete without this dlc. It pretty much makes the game complete and fun. Although it has flaws, it really does make the game way more fun. so I'd say 7/10. Flawed but is a much needed improvement. Most of the flaws could be fixed with mods from the workshop. Especially the climate change and energy stuff.  Also something I didn't know when I first started. Play on the epic game pace. It really improves the flow of the game. Just a tip.
the best
The natural disasters arent really that big of a deal but I love the other features that come with the dlc like Diplomacy and power system
I've personally sunk almost 70 hours into this DLC and I can say that this is the most worth while thing I've bought on steam. While the game was already considered in my book as my favorite game I own on my PC I think that the negative views on this game make sense while I necessarily don't agree with most negative views on the base game I can say that without a doubt if you buy this DLC it will make you forget all the base games flaws. The main premise of the DLC is the players (and AI if your playing singleplayer) impact on the world. Your choices matter and if you choose the world breaking path it will sorely affect you later on. Also we got giant death robots so this is definitely worth it. I hope this helps. -Kermit
This DLC is awesome. It is a bit expensive, but that's because it includes rise and fall features. Many people complain about this being too expensive for one DLC, but it isn't one DLC. Of course, you won't get the leaders for rise and fall, but this is the first DLC in the civilization franchise to include mechanics from another DLC. Many people also complain about the climate change, but I haven't seen unreasonable climate change. I have several coal and oil factories in an epic speed game, and it will take several hundred turns for the sea level to rise, which is rather balanced for the number of factories I have.
If you skipped RaF this dlc has all the mechanics from that too, which made it a giant content dlc for me, and overall made the game alot better, just like the dlc for Civ 5 did.
Really enjoy the DLC. Fleshes out things and creates a lot more interest later game -- a problem Civ has always had.  Honestly, well worth the price.
best dlc yet
Good DLC but my god is it overpriced 
What i've been waiting for! Gathering Storm makes Civ VI 10 times better and more playable.My only complaint is my nuclear power plants explode 2-3 times too many in my games,one or two times i can see,but 4-5 times is stupid.I do think it could've been $29.99 also.
It's a great game and i like it just wish you could turn off the loyalty mechanic >.<
Disasters, world politics and the new units are fun but the loyalty mechanic made my friends rage quit.  Need an option to disable that mechanic for our games.
Civ 6 is finally met the bar of Civ5 and surpassed it. Definitely worth purchasing if you liked Civ 6 base game
“Nothing beats the taste sensation when maple syrup collides with ham.”   -Jarridian
plenty of contents added to game
Yes yes and yes. This is now the civ to play. AI is improved!
Love the expansion. The change from warmongering to grievance system is most welcome,  now we can retaliate without too much issue :) love the world congress too and the change to how resource work make for a new level of military strategy.  really well worth it
Excellent expansion.   So many cool features added to the main game, new animations and map effects are great. The addition of natural disasters or environmental effects adds a nice touch. Sometimes it would yield positive results for your tiles, sometimes negative. The new leaders are also great. I've been playing as Eleanor of Aquitaine and honestly her campaign benefits are great.  It made me read up Eleanor's history on Wikipedia and she was a versatile leader, albeit a bit tragic. I have yet to try other leaders. The World Congress is also cool, your decisions or votes give you additional advantages during the campaign (of course if you resolution passes).   New resources as in power have to be generated, for which new buildings are provided which can generate fuel to power up cities. Cool Wonders as well.  All in all if you're a fan of Civ games, this expansion is a breath of fresh air to the main game.
Great DLC, definitely changes the base game, essential to playing. BUT, definitely overpriced.
AMAZIN
great
dancin
This is definetely essential purchase for Civ VI owners but, the price is hilarious.It is too expensive for this much content. Weather effects,new civs,world congress,etc. Those things are good add ons but the price is not worth.If you are a fan of civ VI you probably already bought it but if you are not and new civs doesn't interest you much then you may want to wait for a discount.   And now as an extra comment for my favourite new civ [b] Ottomans [/b], I want to say few things;   I really liked the abilites,musics and architecture.Those are really historically accurate but, I really don't understand how a team with this accuarcy can ♥♥♥♥ up the design of the leader and units.I mean, they are all very dark skinned people in this game.Ottoman's Sultans were never this dark neither the units.Especially the Janissary unit.Jannisaries were captured young boys who were converted to special forces for the Sultan from foreign conquered countries.Therefore, 90% of them were white.Thats why it's better to produce them in conquered cities btw.And what about the new governer Ibrahim.Let me start with telling his full name: Ibrahim Pasha of Parga. He was born in GREECE and he was from PARGA. He was also white! Those guys were the whitest whites lmao.
Very interesting very fun, adds a whole new dimension to the game that shakes some things up, highly recommended
I have very mixed feelings about this expansion.  On the one hand, I like the inclusion of disasters and climate change, and how the map feels more alive and dynamic, and that it reacts to what the player(s) do to it. But I dislike that there aren't smaller climate fluctuations over the course of the game, and that global warming itself doesn't have quite as much bit as it should.  I like that the world congress returns (and I love the use of Diplomatic Favor currency). But I dislike how meandering and purposeless the Congress feels, since it's resolutions seem to be random.  So the headline features are a wash. However, it's the small and subtle changes that steal the show (IMO) in Gathering Storm.  Strategic Resource supply adds a lot of depth to military planning, as well as giving new life to trade and diplomacy. I'm even using Pikemen now because of iron shortages. Those shortages have also made Encampments (and their associated buildings) much more valuable, since they increase your stockpile capacity.  Diplomatic Favor is earned from alliances and CS suzerains, which gives greater relevance and power to civs that build coalitions and play peacefully.  Disasters have changed the math on the strategies behind harvesting and chopping certain resources. If you harvest a resource to gain population or to rush a district, then a disaster kills that population or damages that district, then you won't have the resource around any longer to harvest or chop it again.  Flooding has given added value to farming floodplains instead of settling on them, which means I'm settling one tile off of the water more often, which means that I'm building more Aqueducts to nearby mountains or lakes.  Railroads give more relevance to Military Engineers, and you'll want to build at least one in every game.  The Courser, Cuirassier, and Skirmisher filled some of the biggest gaps in the unit upgrade lines. Unlike the late-game units added by R&F, these new units in GS are units that I will be using almost every game.  So while I'm very "meh" on the headline features of the expansion, all the supporting changes really add up to improve the game. It might be worth getting just for those smaller changes.  If you want to read more, I have a full review on my personal blog: http://www.megabearsfan.net/post/2019/03/03/Civilization-VI-Gathering-Storm-expansion-game-review.aspx
I wish there was less limit on climate change.  I wish there was a setting where you could raise the cap on it to like, 10-50 levels of climate change.  If pops for all civs were dying and desert was expanding as well as tundra going away, I think it would be incredible.   Climate change in the game interesting, but it falls short of what it could have been. The groundwork is there.   It never gets bad enough for anyone to think, "This is bad, we need to do something about this." It is only ever a minor inconvenience.   There needs to be an update to increase climate change difficulty and overall harm, otherwise...  MODDERS RISE UP! HEAR MY PLEA!  TL:DR Even with my gripes, it's better than Rise and Fall. 8.5/10 expansion.  Falls short from it's potential, could easily be a ten with updates to climate change, making it better than civ v.
I love the Additions to this game! I've been playing civ since day 1 (Civ1)  and this is really fun. I still find the AI too easy during war and even on Emperor i don't feel it needs that much strategy to steam roll a city. Played with Sweden, ottoman, and Maori all of them are strong civs. Being Canadian, Canada is fun to play with but they are a little useless. The new interactive world is great and the global climate change is perfect. Although i would like to see a bit more reasons on WHY your coal is still contributing to global warming. But it might be historical, reports aren't that good.  Overall big thumbs up with minor details to be resolved.
This this expansion adds a lot more depth to the game.  The introduction of climate change has been really well done.  Also I am very happy that canals have been introduced! I've been waiting for this since early editions of the game.
Finally, Civilization 6 plays like a real Civilization game: immersive, unpredictable and endlessly playable.
Great expansion, good new end game content, fun and exciting new leaders and mechanics
With Gathering Storm, Civiluivation VI has become the best and most complete Civilization game to date.
Positive: - Hungary is in  Negative: - Overcomplicated, slow, with myriads of resources from science, faith, religion, culture, loyalty, diplomacy points, upgrades, districts, grievances, 800 fruits and whatever. More is not always better if it is hard to keep track and it is complicated just for the complexity's sake.
Still the game requires mods to be close to or in some respects exceed civ 5 in quality. That being said this is the best expansion of civ 6 by a wide margin, however the future tech seemed to be teased quite a bit about how great it is, and really its not all that amazing, no new resource or buildings, just extra space programs and upgrade for your death robot. That being said almost everything else besides the super high maintence resource cost of units, its a great update.
One of the glaring issues is how "climate change" is quite literally integrated in to the game. Hold up before you rip me a new one. The problem here is they injected an extremely politically divisive issue into the game. In the past "pollution" and stuff having a consequence made sense. However, pushing a hard left agenda onto a video game is idiotic. That is what it is. Those of us who pay attention to actual science understand how overwhelming over-inflated this issue is by the left. The obvious reason becomes apparent when all of their solutions involve more control and taxation. Not actual solutions.  Anyways that was slightly off topic as to why this is an issue. Game play wise I love the idea of natural disasters, but this virtue signalling bullshit of "your carbon output" is really annoying. I find it ironic how certain civs viewed as "politically divisive" have never made a return yet this shit was forced on us. If you can swallow and look past this issue the expansion is solid in other areas, worth a buy when it goes on sale.  I suppose, get woke go broke.
The previous expansion made me stop playing the game. THIS ONE PULLED ME BACK IN, BABY!
A decent DLC for Civ 6 and improves a lot of things that are missing in the original game. The climate system and change to strategic resource is pretty handy, but the AI is still a little dull. Generally speaking, it's a good DLC but may not worth $40.
The Good:  - Great pack with cool new map effects.  - Improvements with basic game play - New Leaders  - New units  The Bad:  - The world congress. Its totally fun to stop every 15 turns to have to ready 3 pages. Not really it messes with the pa - Diplomatic points. That's all that the CPU wants in trades. Open Boarders? All your Diplomatic points. Lux Resource? Oh, they want all my Diplomatic points. You want something from them? Make this deal more appealing? They got you 1 Diplomatic point and god forbid if you want 2.  - Religious victory still sucks.
I really like this expansion and the game at large. I have played many hours and I will continue to play. This expansion adds major new elements with the storms, natural disasters and even climate change. They brought back the world congress which is nice but not sure why they did not have it in the base game. The new leaders are nice and I look forward to giving them a try. That being said I have not seen any reviews about this (maybe I didn't look hard enough but whatever) and I have to bring it up. The builders. I hate how they changed how builders function with this game compared to previous ones. I hoped they would change the scheme back to how builders functioned in previous Civs with this expansion. I hate that I have to use a trader to build roads between cities (unless you're playing as Rome and that is only to the capital). I understand the premise behind it, I just do not like it. It wastes so much time on a route that could be used to provide me more money. Furthermore, the natural disasters can come in and destroy improvements, which I have no problem with. They are destructive storms after all. If you like playing on the slower speeds (like marathon) like I do, it'll be a while before you can have a builder there to rebuild these improvements, assuming you do not have one tucked away somewhere. What if it obliterates more improvements than your builder can create? Have to wait for another to be built or to get enough money to buy one, with the slower the game speed the more expensive they are. It is not usually a problem but I don't want to have to spend a lot of money to rebuild the improvements. I would rather they just change the system back to previous Civs so I can keep my builders and have them come around when they finish other projects.
This has been so much fun! Really enjoying everything they added! This is a must own if you enjoy CIV!
There is none names of rivers in the map "Earth", and the flooding percentage is always 0% throughout the whole game setting with this map. I consider that this is a BUG. Hope fix it as quickly as possible. “地球”地图开局的游戏，河流都没有名称，而且整局游戏中洪水泛滥的概率始终为0%，这可能是一个bug，希望官方能够尽快解决这个地图问题。
I personally really like this expansion. The game feels much better on Immortal (7) difficulty and it is fantastic to go through all Eras. Many new features and great late game. Thumbs up 🙌
This expansion is amazing, game now wins over V.
pretty overpriced but very fun
I am a big fun of Civ games, having played all of them since Civ 2.  I know that many people are comparing Civ 6 to the previous games or giving bad review because of the (truly) overpriced DLCs. I try to review only the DLC itself, regardless of these aspects.  THE GOOD  I think Gathering Storm really adds some exciting features and new depth to the game:  - the new world congress and grievance system make diplomacy way better, for example, if you raze a city (especially in early game), now you will not be called Satan by the other nations instantly, as before (at last!), the alliance system also works better  - it is exciting to experience the new changing environment that also can be inlfuenced by the players  - many new great leaders/nations, I like the dev's choices  - finally they added some late game contents, it got a bit less boring  THE BAD  - First of all, and I know, that this is the most sensitive topic amongst the players, AI IS STILL REALLY STUPID. The difficulty level still only means that they get a lot of bonuses at the early game - the problem with this is, that (for an experienced player) the game is not challenging at all below emperor level, but if you choose even immortal or deity, the game gets so much unbalanced, that it becomes unplayable (the AI gets so much bonus, that they can finish each wonder before you, and they get the technologies so fast, that at standard time, you just realise, that you still have 2 cities with classical technologies, the timeline is still BC, but the age is already the renaissance... total crap. If you play on emperor level, it can be challenging a bit, until you get to the industrial era. Then it does not matter, how big army the AI has, it cannot use it properly. Especially the navi and airforce. You can always beat it with a small army.  - CO2 level. It is a bit nonsense that even with one factory, you generate so much CO2, so soon, that eventually the low tiles will be flooded. It can be painful, until you can defend against it with barriers, and actuallly after it, it does not matter anymore, because if you reach the top of the scale in the new environmental effects window, nothing will happen. No total annihilation or someting like that. You can just be like Trump and say "there is no climate change, lets build walls (=barriers) and our nation will be great again". This can be really annoying.  - Some of the new nations can be a bit op (Australia still is the most op I think), but this is just a minor thing  - Late game content is still not that exciting, although they added some intersting techs, and usually you do not get that far, if culture victory is on.  - With the new concepts, at standard speed, the development is much more faster I think, than before, therefore, the timeline would need some adjustment (I usually reach industrial era between 1200-1400 AD). It feels like the game would need one additional era (like enlightenment before the industrial era)   Alltogether, although I was more specific with the bad part (it is always easier to complain :P), I still recommend the DLC, the game is much better with it.  Let's hope the devs sometimes also read the reviews and notice that the game still really needs a much better AI.  (Edit: I just realized that it says I have 0 hours in the game, lol, I do not know why)
really enjoying the content added, only complaint is wish they had a lot of these features initially.
This is the best Civ experience I have ever had. The world feels so alive and dynamic that it really feels as though you are building a civilisation in a world, reacting to events and actions of humanity and nature, rather than just playing a game the same way you always play it. Absolutely love it 10/10 so much new content
As in the base game, the features and game mechanics of gathering storm are well thought-out and implemented in a way that makes this feel like a complex board game. The game has taken on multiple new features in addition to the already large feature list from vanilla civ 6 and rise and fall expansion. Unfortunately, not all the features fit perfectly, which leads to a sprawling game with a lot of novelty that is a bit bloated. For the most part, however, the features of Civ 6 complement each other well and fit together nicely in a satisfying way with this new expansion.   In my opinion, the most important new features from gathering storm expansion include consumable strategic resources, power as a unique resource, and world congress (including diplomatic victory condition that is heavily tied to world congress.) Less important features (in my opinion) that add some flavor and are pretty well-implemented include climate change, environmental effects, engineering projects (i.e. canals, railroads, and mountain tunnels), expanded tech tree, near future governments, revision of previous victory conditions (i.e. science and culture victory), changes to the governors, new civilizations, and replacing the warmonger penalty with grievances system.   The important changes/additions: [list] [*] Consumable strategic resources – This is one of the best implemented and most important changes in this expansion. You’re required to spend resources on units to build them/upgrade depending on what they require (i.e. iron for swordsmen, horses for horsemen.) This goes a step further in modern eras, where not only do you need those resources to build/upgrade units, but you have a per-turn cost for owning them (i.e. 1 coal per-turn for battleship. 1 oil per-turn for plane, tank, infantry etc.). To some extent you will probably have to manage these resources because you will use some of them for power… [*] Power as a unique resource – I think this is one of the best mechanics that has been added in civ 6 overall. You now require power to gain the full benefits of many modern+ era buildings. Your power plant will supply cities that are within 6 tiles of the power plant (unfortunately, still no overlay that neatly displays this 6-tile coverage.) It will automatically convert available resources of its type (i.e. coal for coal power plant) to produce needed power for buildings within the covered area. This can lead to runaway CO2 emissions early on without fully realizing what you’ve gotten into.  [*] The world congress – Put simply, this is a positive addition to civ 6 and I don't have much to say about it. The diplomatic favor seems to work fine. You will use this favor in some ways to get diplomatic victory points… It’s a good addition to the game and helps diplomacy not suck as bad.  [/list]  Less important changes/additions: [list] [*] Climate change and environmental effects – I want to talk about this because it is a focal point for the marketing of the game and for people reviewing the game. Climate change and environmental effects were implemented cautiously, and do NOT significantly alter your game. Because of this I see them as more of a flavor to give the world a bit more life and tell a story. Climate change specifically is a feature that is also designed to send a message that 1) early adoption of coal/oil for power leads to run away CO2 emissions that are hard to stop (in my first game I was not willing to give up my coal power plants to reduce my carbon footprint), and 2) these changes are irreversible despite how much you may want to change them in the future. I reached the highest level of climate change (phase 7) by year 1760 AD, which resulted in 59 costal tiles being submerged worldwide. Submerging of select coastal tiles is the most significant effect of climate change in Civ 6 and many complaints seem to be centered on the idea that this is not severe enough punishment. Maybe Firaxis will develop some more interesting ways for climate to affect the world in Civ 6 like desertification as others have suggested, but I am content with its current implementation. [*] Engineering projects – I didn’t experiment much with canals, but the mountain tunnel pathing was a bit buggy. I had units popping out of random mountain tunnels half a continent away (I hope it’s a bug and that they fix this.) Dams and railroads are great. [*] The revision to the victory conditions seems to have drawn out the end game quite a lot. On my first playthrough, it was novel enough that I enjoyed playing the end game… though I worry it will eventually get too dull for me to finish the games. [*] The changes to governors were much needed, and overall a step in the right direction. [*] Grievances seems to work better than warmonger penalty, but I don’t have too much of an opinion on it at this point. [*] The new basic combat units seem to fit into the tech tree well.   [*]The expanded tech tree, and near-future governments don't do much for me, but they do add a bit of flavor and life to the game.  [/list]  [b] Discussion: [/b] I just want to use the rest of the review for a subjective discussion of my personal opinions on the direction Firaxis has gone with Civ 6 overall and including features I do not like.  At the beginning, I mentioned that Civ 6 is like a complex board game, and I honestly feel like that is a perfect description of the series' current direction. This is not necessarily a bad thing, but I feel like Civ has lost some of its “grand strategy” feel as it has moved in this direction. Changes like 1-unit-per-tile, high value on single military units, governors, spys, archeologists, rock bands etc. have the effect of making you feel like you're moving pieces on a game board as opposed to simulating a unique world history. This is a stylistic choice and I have accepted it, though I sometimes am nostalgic for a civ game that provides the more grand strategy feel from earlier civ games (Especially civ 4).  Religion is implemented poorly in my opinion. Fortunately, it can be almost completely ignored if you don’t adopt a religion, but still… Faith as a resource was a bad idea that has led to obscure uses for this extremely abstract resource that make 0 sense even from the stand point of a board game (i.e. purchasing great people, national parks, and now rock bands.) Theological combat is a 100% fantasy abstraction for how religion spreads. Unfortunately, the religion system is completely baked into Civ 6 so it cannot be changed, but I just hope the next dev team goes in a different direction with religion (i.e. more subtle.)  Given that religion has a victory condition, this ties into my next point that the drive for more unique victory conditions has led to a modular approach to Civ. To be most efficient, you must decide what victory condition you will pursue as early as possible and focus on that. Attempting to diversify your empire may not prevent you from winning, but it certainly will make your win less efficient.  Final thoughts:  Civ 6 succeeds in the stylistic choice of feeling like a complex board game. This expansion adds some great features that I think were brilliantly implemented, and would consider it essential for anyone who plays civ 6 regularly. Is it worth the $40? Well, Civ is my series. I almost always buy civ games and expansions at launch. If you're like me, get it as soon as you can afford it. If money is tight, of course wait for a sale.
Top Addon! Some features had to be already placed to vanilla game, but on the whole its worth every cent.
Its good :)
Gathering Storm make civ6 fun and best again. It should call civ6 : Full version.
I chose to wait a bit before writing a review because I had a small issue with choosing what to point out as great in this expansion. In my opinion, everything brought to the table by Gathering Storm. The redone diplomatic system in the form of grievances is fantastic. No longer will you be punished for retribution in conquering another civilization by being called a warmonger. On another note, the addition of environmental management, attempting to balance growth with potential damage to the land adds a fresh mechanic to the game. And with disasters such as storms and volcanoes it feels as though you are in a living word. Disaster mitigation is fantastic and the balancing act with a dam on floodplains is great. Having to choose between potential flooding and damage to tiles that will fertilize the floodplain times and creating a dam to first stop them and later be able to extract power from the dam is a great dilemna. The redone strategic resources, where tiles provide amounts per turn  rather than a flat iron, and trading stockpiles and needing amounts of specific resources to produce and support units is simply great. I must mention the pure joy that canals in the game adds. Before, if I played a true start earth map as Egypt, If I wanted a connection between the med and the Indian ocean I had to place my capital right on that one tile gap, which is a very poor location for a city. Now, I can settle at a logical location and build a canal later.  Finally, the new Civs added are very cool and I must say that I adore the addition of the Maori who start in the ocean with sailing and the ability to traverse ocean tiles, which is a fresh way to start the game.   In short, I believe that this expansion is simply a must have for any Civ fan.
civ 6 is gud gaem
I never thought weather would ever be added to a Civ game, but lucky us, we got it! This game feels more lively with weather and environmental effects. That, and with the addition of disasters like flooding and volcano eruptions, this makes places like deserts and sometimes tundra a lot more viable to place a city in. Although I wish I could place farms on desert tiles like in Civ 5.  The return of the World Congress is welcoming, same goes with the Diplomacy Victory. Although, it should be way more interactive, something where our diplomatic favor can go towards. It also feels that the AI always have way less favor than the player, I don't know if they are always trying to ask for promises to other leaders or what, but they don't really have a lot of favor. OR maybe, they should put their envoys toward more city states rather than just one or two.  Grievance is a welcoming change compared to the previous warmonger penalty. Now I can have a good reason to go to war with some one that has inflicted grievance on me and not get denounced for it. That, and in case if you do have a lot of grievance against you, at least your rep with other Civs isn't a -200 warmonger penalty, but a -40 or -50 grievance that will put your rep in an unfriendly rep with others or maybe denounced state, but if you do get denounced, you won't get denounced forever for it or for a long time. Usually other 2 or 3 denunciations, they denounce you again.  The new leaders are okay, couple of them are good, but why Kristina for Sweden? Kristina wasn't that good, if anything, she was the worst leader choice to pick from, due to how awful she was. Still it's good to see Sweden back.  New Civilizations like Canada and the Maori are pretty welcoming. For example, as Canada, no more surprise wars, that's good enough on its own, and being able to build farms on tundra is good too. Although, I wish we could do that for the other civs, so we can have a reason to settle on tundra, beside playing as Canada or Russia.  It's a 8 out of 10 for me.  
This expansion is amazing.   I play civ 6 in both Multiplayer with Friends and Single player.  This expansion has drastically improved my experience from Rise and Fall.  Before this expansion, when playing multiplayer there would come a point where everyone was bored and we just declared the game over.  Whoever was doing the best won.  Since this expansion, that hasn't happened (except in cases where the AI has won and we can't do anything to stop them, including nukes).  Where in Rise and Fall the early game was more fun and the game became stale, Gathering Storm makes the Industrial Era probably one of the most fun eras and the future era a 2nd best.  With disasters, the world congress, railroads, canals, and global warming everything stays interesting.  I'd say the biggest and most welcome changes for me are the grievance system and resource system.  With the grievance system, managing AI relationships is much much much better.  I find myself in more alliances and know when to stop in a war.  The resource system in addition to the new map geography create very interesting regional conflicts.  I find myself fighting to get Oil and Coal so I can build troops.  I find myself building tunnels, trains, and canals to get better access to certain parts of the world.  Nothing is more satisfying than when I connect 2 oceans and all my trade routes increase in value.  I really respect that they completely revisited governors in gathering storm.  In Rise and Fall the governors felt really bland and out of sync with themselves.  They moved many promotions around and governors now have a single focus as opposed having many different promotions that didn't fit well together.  Where i used to pick the same governors every game, I honestly use every single different governor in different scenarios. Every governor is actually good and worth choosing.    The final thing I'll say is that I did not expect the AI to get smarter, they got WAY smarter.  I don't consider myself great at CIV. I play more to have fun and play with friends than to beat the AI on harder difficulties.  In Multiplayer we used to put the AI on KING and they'd act as buffers and trading partners between us.  They are now very difficult on KING and have actually destroyed me.  They now actually use planes and levy city state troops.  Last game Mansa Musa got tired of my aircraft carriers bombing his coast and he actual stationed fighter jets to defend his coast and shot down my bombers.  When he saw me building tanks he built those anti-tank units.  He didn't just build units, he built corps and armies..  He actually pushed back my invasion of his continent and I ended up retreating losing several ships in his bombardment.  I've never seen the AI do this.  He wasn't that far ahead in technology either.  This is a huge step up from in the past where the AI was totally unreasonable, at one point they all went theocracy all game, and never built certain units.  I remember a time where I didn't know what "recruit partisans" mission was in the base game because the AI never actually built neighborhoods at all to do the mission. Now, they actually give me reasonable trades.  I was shocked last game when my ally actually sold me uranium and oil at a reasonable price for the entire game.  Overall, I love this new expansion, they game now feels much more complete.  I really hope they come out with another expansion.  I've been playing since Civ 3 when I was 10 years old and this expansion is my favorite.
It's good.
A fantastic add on to an already great game  Pros-  Adds much needed content The new civilizations are super intresting Makes every game feel more different  Cons- On the pricey side, recommend waiting for a sale 
An excellent expansion to round off arguably the best Civilization game of the series.
With the addition of this content this is my favorite edition of Civilization. Ive played Civ 4, Civ 5, Beyond Earth, and Civ Rev 1&2 extensively. They all had plenty to enjoy, but I feel that Civ 6 is now my favorite iteration of the series and also has the most content.
For me at least, the dynamic map, the map UI improvements, the new Civs, and all the extra features finally helps 6 top 5. This feels like a much richer, more complete game than the base game or first expansion.
Well i like it
Excellent beginning to a new chapter for CIV VI !
Gathering Storm is the better of the two Civ VI expansions. It is pricey but that's because it adds almost a whole game's worth of additional content.  Pros:  -  New civs are all pretty well balanced out. Each have viable strengths and strategies. -  World Congress  - The new grievance system is LIGHT YEARS better than the old wAr MoNgErInG pEnAlTiEs thing  - YOU CAN BUILD CANALS NOW!!!!!1!!!11!    Cons:  -  The new natural disasters and Global Warming features are interesting but are pretty underwhelming. If the natural disasters happened any less often, you'd forget they were even there, even when playing on the highest disaster intensity settings. Likewise, Global Warming removes a few random tiles, but not enough to be really impactful in any way. I think adding a few more levels to the intensity settings for these features could go a loooong way in improving this aspect of the game.    Overall, I'd give this expansion a 9/10 and would definitely recommend it to fans of Civ VI.   
Most fun version of Civ 6 so far. Really enjoying the new civilizations, river floods, dust storms and volcanoes!
- The fact that they made two whole expansion and still left that awful gossip "interface" between turns is bizarre. That thing looks like a placeholder for early testing.  - The main point of this expansion (climate change and natural disasters) is very inconsequential in actual gameplay. Just like the main point of the previous expansions (golden ages and dark ages) also was.  + The change to the resource system, and the power system, are great.  + The World Congress is alright.  + The super-late game is better with the few new techs and civics.  + The new civs and leaders are really interesting.  + It works upon the Loyalty mechanic introduced in Rise & Fall, making it slightly more relevant (still almost completely disregardable, though).   All in all, it's a good expansion, but nothing massive. Would recommend waiting for a sale, for most people.
Game's best expansion to date. Adds enough elements to make it feel fresh and fun to go back to for hours on end. A millenial's nightmare.
Makes the game 100% better 10/10
Itś good and there are some changes, however I wanted to be able to create cities in the coast or in the ocean, since in the cutscenes or intro there was something in this aspect.
Getting sick and tired of all the hate Civ 6 have gotten. I played Civ 5 in marathon,  10 hour sessions with my buddies when I was in high school and during the summers in-between my years of College. while it was the first game I bought for my PC, it was far from perfect. Then gods and kings came out and I had a blast. Then brave new world, and it made the game feel complete. When Civ 6 came out, it felt feature complete. Religion, spies, districts, no unit stacking, and a technology system that felt organic and dependent on your actions throughout the world. Want a harbor? Learn to cultivate the sea and thereforth. It was a blast. Then rise and fall came out and the changes were pleasant. Spending your time trying to avoid a dark age is a blast and coming out of a dark age into a heroic age feels like an accomplishment. Free cities and the loyalty system added just enough to switch it up. And gathering storm? I was wondering how they could make the game better. Climate change is fun and it simply adds another layer. If you want super storms and to be terrified of mother nature, crank the slider to 4. Hurricanes, droughts, blizzards. And world congress prevents my friend from completely nuking me into oblivion. So all in all, civ 6 is the best it's ever been with the gathering storm expansion.
[b] Gathering Storm is a must have Add-On for every Civilization 6 fan. [/b]  After playing the first match the new Civs are well balanced and add a nice variety to the game. The extended technology tree is well put into place. It also serves as a raise to the difficulty playing for the science-victory which so far has been the easiest (for me) especially in online matches. The new diplomatic-victory is implemented very well, though you (obviously) cannot win in the early game, the diplomatic-victory is neither the “economic-victory” as in Civ5. You have to think through your political decisions, especially when not blessed with a lot of city-states. The global-warming content is a great addition to the game aswell. Though I think you are reaching the highest rank of environmental escalation (there is [spoiler] 7 [/spoiler] of them) is reached to easily. For me the consequences of climate change already impacted the coasts in the early 19th century.  Overall I can only recommend to buy it. 40€ it is so if its too much you should consider to wait for the first sale.
A bit pricy but, a must have addition to Civ VI.
Still some bugs to fix and it could still be improved but it's a lot of fun and it adds more depth to an already amazing game, and the new civs are really fun to play with. Hopefully there'll be a third expansion.
Everything is awesome: Diplomacy, World Congress, new resource system, new era, power system, new units, Desasters  BUT  Climate Change is underwhelming. It comes too fast and does to little, you can literally just ignore it
The new disasters are fun, and new civs are always enjoyable.
I think this expansion makes the game way more fun. MIcromanaging makes the game feel like Europa which I personally enjoy. Before Gathering Storm it just felt too simple and too easy. Give it a whirl and if u dont like it, you have 2 hours to refund.
Gotta live sending spies to blow up your friends dams
Made the game better :3 If you don't have the "rise and fall" DLC, you will still get the content of it, but not the diffrent civs.
Love this game.
pretty good fun.
This expansion is pure greatness. There needs to be some balancing issues put into play, possibly a stronger bias for super tundra/desert based civs. Nobody likes to spam restart twenty times, we aren't shiny hunting.  This expansion is bar none top notch content wise, cannot wait to see future patches. Here is hoping for another full scale expansion for Civ 6! Hats of fellas!   The spring and fall updates really helped R&F. Loyalty is still quite silly at times and deserves a proper redesign, but alas. This expansion is nonetheless, fantastic.   Edit: I have like 700hrs on Civ. Not sure why it is showing as 0.
- The AI is slightly improved. (Can fight more concetrated in war, can leavy city-state units). - Warmonger penalty is removed, and replaced with a "Grievances-system", that works far better. - Enviromental effects make the world feel more alive. (Vulcanoes, storms etc.). - Diplomacy is far more enjoyable, and more necessary than than before. (Strategic resources, world congress and diplomatic victory). - More content, (new techs, new civics, new districts, new wonders, new units, pollution, etc.).  Overall, I think this is a great expansion for this game, the only thing I would have wanted in addition is further upgrading/improving of the AI.
highly recommended if you don't mind the AI. it made the game more lively and active, very close to a living world.
So far so interesting. I went into this expecting the worst, as that's what I've come to expect from companies like 2K, but so far I've been pleasantly surprised.  Natural Disasters are not really frequent on the default setting, though if you want an apocalyptic scenario you can always ramp it up, but they are common enough that I notice them. Recently had a very nasty flood on the river that cuts through my territory.  I haven't reached the Global Warming phase yet, but it seems solid if overly simple. Only three tiers of rising sea levels seems rather minor, but increasing disasters sounds like it will be interesting to see. The power system also looks like a significant additional strategy concern.   The new system for Strategic Resources seems kind of... Meh? I'm not sure I see the point other than to prohibit spamming units that require the resources too much, which you can still do, you'll just have to build them up over a longer time. On top of that, you can also still spam units that don't require any resources.  Stability issues? Honestly it seems to be running a heck of a lot better than it used to, which I like and dislike. I like it, because it loads and closes faster. I dislike it because I had to buy Rising Storm to get it. Stability and performance improvements should not be locked behind paid DLC. This is the kind of behavior I hate to see from companies.  The AI has always been wonky, and I haven't noticed any significant improvements. The second I get Favors I've got every AI I've met offering me money for them. Why? Then they start offering me Favors for this, that, and everything else. I get that Favors are supposed to be valuable and essential to a Diplomatic Victory, but the AI seems to place way too much value on them.  I don't play multiplayer at all really, so I can't comment on that area unfortunately.  Overall, good. Do I recommend it? I actually feel bad saying yes. Do I think it's over priced? Absolutely. Am I shocked by either of these things? On the first yes, but on the second not at all. Definitely pick this one up on sale, but don't hate yourself too much if you decide you can't wait.
good game 
As a long time fan of the series, this is everything I've ever wanted in a DLC and more :)
8/10 Cons: -AI is pretty bad as always. Example: Persia declared a military emergency on me for owning the Ottomans capital in the modern era, even though I took it back in the classical. Up until that point we had been declared friends/allies the whole time, and I even helped liberate one of his cities. Not to mention he barely had a military compared to me. -Bugs here and there. note: I've seen a lot posted on reddit but only actually experienced like one or two. -Diplomatic victory takes an incredibly long time to achieve compared to the other victories. There's only three ways to earn diplomatic points. First: World Congress, which meets scarcely. Second: Sending the most aid during weather emergencies, which occurs pretty rarely, maybe three times a game at most (even on the highest weather setting) Third: the 1 point you get for building the statue of liberty wonder. It takes so long that I'll have to try not to win(or lose) with culture or science one or two eras before I could possibly win diplomatic. Diplomatic on Diety feels impossible unless you disable the other victories or play so aggressively that you cripple all the AI by leaving them with one city or something. -You also cannot abstain any of the proposals even though, depending on what you're going for, most of them wont be relevant to you. (To be fair, when they are relevant, they're very useful)  Pros -Warmongering isn't a thing anymore. The new grievances system is actually pretty good. It fixes the old problem where some civ declares war on you in the early game, you take some of their cities if not all of them, then you're denounced by every civ for the rest of the game even though you haven't been to war since the classical era. You may get denounced for being a warmonger but the grievances you've caused will dissipate over time, by the time the denouncing needs to be refreshed it'll be gone assuming you didn't directly attack them or cause them any more grievances. Also, if someone declares a surprise war on you, annexing their whole civ for it is justified. -The new civs are pretty distinct and interesting. I particularly enjoy Maori and Mali. -The new strategic resource system is cool and adds an extra element to planning out your military spending and powering your cities. Also, the consequences for drilling oil or other resources is a neat addition. -The world congress is definitely better in this than it was in civ 5. The AI aren't constantly banning amenities in this one at least. And the proposals can be useful when they're relevant to you.  Final verdict:  Overall, pretty good and made a lot of improvements to the original game. If you like civ games you won't be disappointed. If you feel like it's overpriced then just wait for the sales to start coming in, but you should buy it either way.
Being a Civilization fan I already knew I was going to get all the expansions and when I saw the price I promised myself I would wait for a sale.I told myself don't buy it until it goes on sale,the game will still be there no one is going to pull it from steam,wait for a damn sale.That lasted for a bit then what happens,a pop up ad Steam gives you when you sign on pops up with an add,I swear they aimed it at me the add was bigger then usual and no one can tell me different.Still I clicked it off and Steam tricked me again(I know they have it out for me).I went to my library and Civilization IV was the first game I saw,after seeing that it made me think of the Gathering Storm DLC!Wiping away a bit of drool as fast as I can I said No damn it wait for the sale!So thinking quickly I clicked another game,I know I did (Steam has it out for me)the game that started was Civilization VI,no one can tell me different with the add for Gathering storm,grabbing tissues wiping more drool from my mouth I yelled(wife thinks I'm crazy now)Alright I'll buy it.  Don't put yourself through what I went through Just buy it NOW!
I'm sort of a hardcore-casual civ gamer and have been for a long time. That's to say that I've sunk a lot of time into civ, primarily in hot-seat mode with my SO. This new expansion feels, to me, the best civ has felt since Beyond the Sword.   Are the new mechanics well balanced? I really couldn't tell. Is it buggy? Somewhat, yes. Was it too expensive? I don't know, I thought it was a pretty standard price for a robust expansion pack, but I do get the criticism. Is the AI finally good? No it isn't. But the map feels alive in a way it hasn't to me in a long time in the civ franchise. I remember the rivers and the mountains in the games I've played in the new expansion. There is more of a narrative, more of a sense of a historical story being played out in Civ6 now, with Gathering Storm, than there has been in a long time. And it's not like the natural disasters are THAT impactful, but they lend a texture to the map that keeps the game interesting.
This expansion is an excellent addition to Civilization 6.  It takes an already great game and improves on it even more.  All of the new civilizations are fun and well designed and new mechanics like Grievences, Natural Disasters, Climate Change, changes to policy cards, new natural and world wonders, rock bands, etc are all great additions to the game!  The Diplomacy victory could use some work but if you're enjoying civilization 6, this expansion adds a lot of fun new elements.  I also want to add that I have not encountered any bugs or issues of any kind after four complete games with the expansion.  For those suggesting this expansion is too expensive I urge you to please, please, watch the developer livestream they put out the day before launch about what goes into making this game.  The time and money that goes into the art and music alone is amazing not to mention bringing in voice actors who speak rare languages or Sean Bean to do the tech quotes and the people around the world they consult for research into developing the civilizations not to mention all the developers, Q&A teams, etc.  If people keep demanding less expensive expansions well, you get what you pay for and this expansion adds a lot of great new content to the game.
Brilliant DLC but is very expensive but this seems to be the way PC games are going.  Weather mechanics are really good and brings a level of realism to your empire and the wider world but I think Firaxis could have gone further and made storms for instance alter tiles permanently that can be exploited/changed by the player.  The new diplomacy is working brilliantly and I'm having far better interaction with my neighbours and less penalised for being sneak attacked by a foreign power, I really do like the world congress option.  Strategic resources are actually useful now as you want to get them not just for the production benefit but because you now get so many per turn and need to save up to upgrade your units.  The new multi queue function is just awesome as you can simply control many cities at a glance for all your building needs and I feel this is a great feature to have implemented  Overall I really do like this expansion just wish it was a little cheaper and hopefully they build on the climate mechanics to give them a more longer lasting effect.  Well done Firaxis keep up the good work.
My recently downloaded expansion "gathering storm" has caused me to write this, all of the new civs are in a foreign language even though the language settings is on English(USA). is this just me or does anyone else have this problem, please help?
A truly magnificent expansion bringing Civ VI to it's full potential. Fantastic.
A really good dlc for perhaps a bit hefty of a price. 
I was skeptical about this expansion because of the climate change system. The unrealism in Civ has always been a result of player interaction, like Gandhi nuking people or buiding the Eiffel Tower in 1543, so adding a system that would make Al Gore cream himself, with rising CO2 emissions resulting in coastal flooding and whatnot, seemed out of place. But, turns out it's not a big deal at all. The other systems far outshine that.  The return of the World Congress is a welcome one, and this time, Diplomatic Victory isn't a BS way to win. No more buying City-State votes, you need to earn favor, and favor comes from being buddies with people. Forcing you to pick one of two options on every resolution is a fascinating way to create tension and encourage diplomacy, which adds a new aspect to multiplayer games.  Making Strategic Resources once again stockpile similarly to Civ V is also a welcome change. It gives you another form of currency to use in trading, and puts a cap on how crazy you can go with your military without also focusing on infrastructure.  The weather system is great. Volcanoes are horrifying, but volcanic tiles are ridiculously fertile, so there's a risk/reward balance you need to consider. Same with rivers, which can be a huge issue until you get a Dam. Russia being invincible on Tundra tiles, which are actually useful to them, now comes with the caveat that Blizzards can happen.  The new leaders are mostly great, except Sweden. Gustavus got Waluigi'd and instead, his hideous, self-important, underpowered failure of a daughter leads Sweden. But to counter that, the most beautiful woman in Civ, Eleanor of Aquitane, can lead either France or England, which is a fun quirk, and her leader bonus is one of the most powerful in the game. The Maori start on Ocean and can always cross Ocean, which is ridiculously strong. Phoenicia can move their capital.  Finally, the AI. Holy cow. I was feeling really confident after solidly winning a few Emperor matches in the last expansion. I've lost three in a row in this one.  Overall, it's a great expansion.
-The new Civs are great fun. -Climate change is nice but can be countered if you're ahead on the science game quite easily. -Disasters aren't usually an issue(unless temperatures are at max) -Resource system is terrible.  Most late game units cost 1 oil per turn and deposits are very rare  (Say goodbye to anything resembling an army in the late game.) -Power is way to polluting early on If anyone industrializes early by the time it can be remedied the worlds already flooded    -Additionally with the difficulty of getting resources you will never have enough oil for power.  Power plants, subs, tanks, infantry, mech infantry, and late era navals all take 1 oil per turn.  6 cities running on oil is 2 whole deposits which more than many would ever have.  All in all its a very fun expasion, I just hate what has been done to resources.
its actually not terrible
It is wery interesting update for civilization. I think, that it is going to be the best update ever, for  Civilization VI
If your someone who likes civ 6 but doesn't play that often then I recommend waiting for a sale on this due to its price. If your like me and play this game a lot in your off time, then I recommend getting this DLC because you'll get your money's worth out of it. There are bugs and tweaks are needed with the disasters but the new districts and civs are great! I'm having a blast with my friends more in the late game than ever before and the early game setup is much more important because of that. I feel that the world congress is better than the one in civ 5 however the AI seems to struggle when it comes to diplomatic points. speaking of AI../it still sucks...yea but it at least doesn't screw you at the world congress. If there is a patch I would then say that this is definitely worth the price for anyone who likes civ but for now just those who enjoy playing the game regularly can get their worth out of the price
Definitely an improvement to the game with new mechanics and more content. Does it justify the price of 40 Euro? Definitely not. Recommend to get it on sale.
[h1]This is one of the [b]BEST[/b] DLC you could buy for CIV6[/h1]  [i][b]....but[/b][/i]  So here is the thing. This is by far one of the best DLC/patches to the game. I feel like the AI is working better, the game feels a bit more balanced. Overall CIV6 now feels like a pretty good game, I can play though and feel like the AI didn't game me or is becomes overly aggressive for no reason.  But the problem that I have felt with "[i]Gathering Storm[/i]" is that it's a bit preachy and I think the tech tree needs a 2nd look. For example, the whole "global warming" panel feels totally unbalanced. The world comes crashing down under some type of cataclysm way too quickly and for what feels like even the smallest amount of "CO2" emissions. To me it just feels preachy and that maybe there is a political undertone there. I get that the DLC is focused on this aspect of nation building, but still the effects feel over the top.  The other aspect that really irks me is the "[i]Information Era[/i]". I feel that the "[i]Modern Era[/i]" gets swept under the rug and the proceeding era comes way to quickly. Also, the "[i]Information Era[/i]" shouldn't be about giant death robots. This is the part of the game that I really hate. The giant death robot should really be the last research possible unlocked or not included at all. I feel like you get it way to early and it just ruins the immersion. I played one game with the AI and they  just mass produces these units like crazy, probably about 5-6 of them per AI. And they destroy anything before it (Modern Tanks and Mech Infantry). So they just feel over powered and makes all the units you have feel obsolete way too quick. Oddly they don't do much damage to cities, so the game was basically a war of attrition with attacking the robots with units from cities and then healing them and attacking with defenses most of the time. It's just [b]ANNOYING[/b]. Or using Nukes to kill groups of them.  If you were to ask me, the solutions to make this better would be to balance the "[i]Information Era[/i]" to include more advanced units of the existing classes (Advanced Tanks?, etc) and have the robots be the last unlock under a "[i]Future Era[/i]" or similar. Or allow you to set the end Era when creating the game. And to scale back the severity of the global warming (I feel what is currently "0" should be 2 or 3).   Also, the AI does tend to spam trade requests. That can be a bit annoying, especially when they can't offer you much or they want two resources of something you just traded from someone else. The global agendas are pretty spot on, but I dunno. I feel like they could benefit from more options. Like not having to vote. After a couple of games I felt like the global agendas just became tiresome to deal with. Or I'd get excited something juicy would come up but then get disapointed.  It's a solid 8/10
Too much money for a broken expansion. I don't regret buying it though. I think I would of paid 40 bucks just to be able to build canals! The people complaining about how fast sea levels rise are right. Before I even make it to the atomic era with no coal or oil power plants, 4 battleship armadas, 4 destroyer fleets and a dozen or so infantry caused over 50% of the worlds co2 and flooded coastal tiles. All this was on prince too, I hate to see what immortal looks like, which is the difficulty I played R&F on. Diplomacy doesn't seem that bad, I'm happy with it, I guess. New wonders and civs kinda suck. New colors suck.  Positive note the general update made the game a little faster.  I wonder why 2K and firaxis think so lowly of our troops? Accusing them of destroying the earth and all? Since clearly they feel they do more damage to the world than coal burning power plants.
CIV 6 is a good game. But, in this DLC, Gathering Storm, you may find out barbarians were extincted with dinosaurs before ancient times because of bugs. God please fix it. Amen.
You had me at canals.
It is an interesting expansion but I am disappointed that many of the issues with the original release remain unresolved. The AI is still very much focused on conquest above all things and the diplomacy is rather lackluster. The map generation is still awful even with legendary starts... having to reload five times before getting a pretty basic starting point even with the legendary start just bugs the hell out of me. Last game I tried, I was set up with three volcanos immediately surrounding my starting position on hills... which meant five turns to get away from it. Being the next pompeii didn't appeal.   So far I haven't reached the endgame of the new expansion. I do enjoy the weather/environmental effects, although there does seem to be a certain randomness to them which is annoying. Hoping that a series of patches will smooth out any issues, but it's definitely a nice addition. The new civilisations aren't that impressive, imho.   I would recommend waiting for patches before buying, and perhaps waiting for some kind of sale. The publishers/designers need to be taught to fix the core issues before spending time on new features. Honestly, it still seems a rather poor release even after two years....
I love this game.
Pro: 1. Environment effect, i.e. disaster and global warming makes the game play more unpredictable 2. World Congress and DIplomatic Victory 3. Improved performance on large maps  Cons: 1. No global scale disaster which can potentially wipe out all countries, then rise from the barbarians as another civilization  later (e.g. Fall of Rome -> Rise in the Franks / England), e.g. volcanic winter (hopefully modding will be able to add that 2. No update on graphics engine for higher details or camera mode 3. A bit high on the price, still better than R&F
Adds some depth to an already great game, solid amount of new content.
Massive amount of content
Took over the world without declaring a single war as eleanor of aquitaine. 10.10
Finally added Hungary.
Love it.
Greatly fixes Civilizations 6's lack of endgame goals.  The world congress is a little different from civ 5's in that you earn diplomacy points and can trade diplomacy points as to civ 5's getting points envoys and other things  The natural disasters are really interesting, and just make the game more imersive as a whole although I do wish there were things like tsunami's but there still is great variety. Climate changes and the new way resources work is really interesing and all contribute to making the map feel more alive.   There are new units, wonders, and tech trees, but the future tech tree isn't really all that special. It mostly relates to upgrades for the giant death Robot. Science victory has new added steps, and of course a new diplomacy victory  The main thing iv noticed is the AI doesn't seem to play like garbage. I was on emperor difficulty and the ai were effectivly using planes, navel units, and everything unlike before. They were able to capture each others capitals, while I myself was never attacked as I was allied with nearly every civilization.   Overall the expansion greatly adds to the game. Not only do you get any gathering storm related content, all of the game features from rise and fall with exception of the leaders are included when you buy this dlc. I would say get it if you are a civ buff but for the average person wait a little for the steep price to drop.
The earlier reviews made me suspicious that the game play had once again been sidelined for more eye candy but it's not the case. Aside from the gorgeous work that was done to improve the game board the game play has been upgraded in a smart way. The worker units in the game have had their usefulness greatly expanded. The ability to make canals and mountain tunnels is a big overdue welcome. The new resource stockpiling engine is a smart evolution for gameplay. The civ AI has become less predictable and more interesting. And of course the global warming element really puts some serious reality into the overall experience. The various goals of the game remain the same but the process to achieve them is more balanced and suitable. Hidden techs in the end game keep science and culture alive longer which was sorely needed.  The music is weird. But that's easily substituted and I consider it a lower priority anyway. My biggest complaint would be the constant deal making the AI civs want. It would be nice to let them all know what I am and am not willing to trade so they dont keep bugging me for coal and other stuff I'll never trade to them. After one huge/marathon game I would say this version of Civ is the most addictive yet.
Gathering Storm is a lot better than I first anticipated it was going to be. When I first saw the preview for it, I was like "Oh look, now we have the equivilant of Random Events in Civ 6." Now indeed, these are random events, but these events are actually beneficial for a well prepared player. I actually found myself [i]increasing[/i] the disaster intensity because its such a useful feature.  The biggest difference I saw however, was with the AI. If you're someone like me who plays single player or with like one other friend in multiplayer and tons of AI, the AI, for the most part, feels much better. They no longer needlessly get mad at you, and they also no longer just spam cities everywhere (something addressed in Rise and Fall, but even from that it seems even further reduced in Gathering Storm). On top of that, they removed warmongering penalties and instead replaced it with Grievances, which allows you to see a physical interpretation of how badly modified deals will be as well as how likely they are to support proposals. This change with the AI makes the game feel much more enjoyable for me, and because of this I highly recommend it to anyone who plays future games in Civ 6.  My only complaint is with Aquitaine and how retardedly snowbally she can be vs any AI. I had a continent game that I played as Aquitaine, and as soon as you get ways to store great arts, you start seeing a cascade effect where if ANY AI are near you, their entire empire just collapses due to her loyalty passive, with little to no resistance from the AI.
Finally the world feels a bit more alive with the changes made to the game.  I haven't played enough to see if the AI is still dumb as bricks, but I'm going to assume it still is. At least there's enough things to do now that I'm not as bothered by the AI.  Would I recommend at full asking price? Only if the AI improves. Otherwise, wait for a nice sale.   That's the basis for my review.
Adds some nice new features but not worth 40 bucks, get it on sale.  Also, it seems weird how they played up the environmental issues but they aren't that big of a deal.  You can get unlucky occasionally and disasters can impact your game play but it feels rare.  Also, melting the polar ice doesn't seem to change much past a little coastal flooding which you somehow know where it will occur as soon as the game starts.
This expansion makes CIV VI the game it should have always been. 10/10
Very good DLC.  There's a ton of content.  All of the civs are fun to play and have their own playstyles, like Canada being set up for Diplomatic victory and the Ottomans easily wiping the floor in Domination.   the natural disasters and global warming are fun mechanics that, while not really a problem at the beginning of a game, really require you to make some tough choices in the Industrial era and onward, like whether to keep using polluting but abundant coal power to fuel your military or start setting up alternative power sources at the expense of making you a sitting duck (you can't build certain military units without polluting fossil fuels).  Diplomatic Victory and the World Congress in general are excellent ways to see what your enemies are up to.  The addition of the randomized Future Era techs keep the game going longer.  In general, this expansion focuses on the Modern Era and beyond, much like Brave New World did for Civ V.  To be honest I'm not sure if it warrants a 40 dollar pricetag, but the base content is solid.  However, if you weren't sold on Civilization VI at the basegame or after Rise and Fall, I don't think this will change your mind, as it does little to change the core gameplay and mechanics of the game.  Still, if you're looking for the perfect way to cap off Civ VI, this is it.
Feel dirty playing Canada and going to war had to have two showers to take this dirty feeling away. Whoever does the music wants us to become Canadians playing the national anthem over and over again seems to be brain washing us.
MEGA CANALS!!!
So far playing GS i have had a great time. Really enjoy everything the expansion has to offer, from each unique civ to the disasters. The world congress feels engaging as ever AND best of all is that less crashes and desyncs occur (for me atleast).   Still the AI can be painfully dumb at times regarding city placement and diplomacy trading.  EX: The AI wanted me to give them 100x30 gold for 20 oil or the ai settling on the most stupid places which forces you to either have a bad city or raze it. Hope this can be fixed and worked on :)   Overall i really enjoy the expansion, allthough a little too pricey, i would recommend waiting for a sale or just buy a key for the expansion :)
Brings back memories of Civilization 2 where you'd get some natural disasters, very clever how they used the "present modifiers and post modifiers" of disasters.  28 years later and I can say this would be the Civilization II replacement I remember (add space?)  I'm up at 2:32am playing it.....
Great addition to CIv VI. I am a huge fan of the gathering storm mechanics and global warming, it presents it in a way that even the most closed minded climate change denier could understand whats going on and why its important. The new civs are fun to play as and the wonders are just as great.  The natural disaster make the map feel more alive than before. 9/10 for a DLC, it could easily be its own game.
Adds practically tons of new mechanics and gameplay elements; all of them positive. It's really a fun, new twist on the typical Civ VI experience. Highly recommend to fans of the base game and/or Rise and Fall.
Addictive
Fantastic expansion to the game that adds some new core mechanics. Climate change can be devastating and powerful but can also be mitigated completely if attention is paid to it. Canada finally being playable in Civ is amazing, I just wish I got tundra starts more often!  Highly recommended. Better than Civ 5.
[h1]Gathering Storm Elevates Civ to a Whole New Level of Obsession[/h1]  [b]If you do not like Six already, then you probably shouldn’t buy this dlc. I say that because it takes everything they changed about Five to a new level.[/b]  I loved Civ V, though it had been out for a couple of years before I began playing. I still play it. But, when Civ VI released I saw it as so much more of what I loved about the game… which is just about everything. Six amped the game up in most every area. To the same degree, Gathering Storm has elevated the gameplay in the base game and earlier expansion to a new level.   [b]Giant Death Robots are back. The Earth becomes a living planet in the game.[/b] The art and graphics are beautiful! But, that won’t be enough to keep you playing the forever ‘one more turn.’ Basic geological landforms have an effect on your civ now, as well as the climate. But you have the ability to engineer and shape the world to your own plans. Also, charts have been added for the climate that give you a good view of the global situation. I’d like to see this expanded even more… maybe in Civ VII. There I said it. If Six brought us into the future age of Civilization. I can only imagine what Seven will do.  [b]There are a few balancing needs atm. (It just launched 3 days ago.)[/b] The AI seems incredibly easy to trade manipulate. But, the disasters seem well balanced, and even have a slider scale so you can amp them up if you so desire to ‘get your feet wet’ with this new expansion. I think the expansion is well worth the price. I’ve already played it well beyond any sensible number of hours since release and am having great fun. I highly recommend this for any one who loves turn-based strategy games, and the Civilization series specifically. It is definitely a game-changer!
This DLC has been a really great addition to the game. Everything about it is a welcome addition that has added a lot of depth to the game, EXCEPT for the World Congress. It feels half-baked compared to what we had in Civ5 and it really needs work. The good news is the framework for something that ties in with all the other features of the game is there, it just needs more attention.  Also $40 is too much to ask for this, I feel like I paid maybe 10 or 15 dollars too much. Wait for a sale if you're not a die-hard Civ6 fan.
High quality stuff that I hope can be continued and expanded on further in a 3rd expansion (Or at least a Vietnam DLC firaxis plz)
It's a game changer.   Expensive so if you can wait, do so. Otherwise it's pretty much essential for all civ lovers.  The new map generation is great. More choke points and terrain features, Mt ranges etc... Only tried a few so far but love the new super long rivers and mountains.  Makes the whole map feel more natural....even though I was super unlucky with my initial exploration. Dead ends everywhere, took me a load of turns to find another civ.  Recommend
Climate change!!! It is real and it's coming for you! 100 % approved by Crop growth modelist ;-)
Overall good addition, but probably best to wait on a sale... Pros: 1. Great new mechanics for disasters 2. Cool new civs 3. Nice new wonders 4. Yay, road/railroad no longer consumes a charge!  Cons: 1. Poor in game infographic support (e.g. later age, no idea where that one unit that is still polluting oil/coal is) 2. Inability to shut-off nuclear power... It deteriorates even though you aren't using it... 3. Lack of updated end-game infographics (e.g. power consumption/disaster related death/destruction, etc.) 4. Horrid canal/flood gate/railroad draw (e.g. railroad doesn't show up on districts/wonders/city tiles, panama canal doesn't connect cleanly, etc) 
Good.
Great expansion, a breath of fresh air...or smog, depending on how you run your civ.  10/10
A solid DLC that ads late-game complexities and strategies, along with many asked-for features like volcanoes and canals. The civs in this DLC are all very fun to play, Dido might be my favorite civ in the game! Well worth the sticker price, especially for a game that I personally have over 500 hours in. The World Congress is the only weak point; there are some good ideas there but it feels like they need to be executed better. If they made the process for getting diplomacy points clearer and waited longer to start the World Congress (it started for me when I had two civs that I hadn't met), that would be a good start. Could easily be fixed in a patch though. As is, 8.5/10 overall. If they fix the World Congress, 9.5/10.
Good expansion, would recommend.
This DLC kinda makes the game perfect to me :D  though, I still hope there're more to come out
Awesome expansion! I have a laundry list of content that I've always wanted in a Civ game and it seems the developers have been paying attention. Natural disasters, global warming, World Congress and the new strategic resource overhaul have made the game more interesting to play and have taken the tediousness out of the late game.
Gaining strategic resources instead incrementally instead of owning one type of it makes much more sense and allows players to estimate their worth much better. The diplomacy system that was introduced is kind of like the system we had in civ 5, but more expanded upon with the emergencies from rise and fall that was nicely merged with the diplomacy system from gathering storm. This system really allows for teamwork and brings meaningful interactions with the different players in the game.  The disasters and other environmental effects look nice but haven't really affected the game too much for me, atleast when setting their intensity on medium. Maybe this is for the best but I am interested how they play out when I increase their intensity. I would recommend the expansion because it makes the game a lot better, but I do feel the biggest improvements are the smaller quality of life changes like the diplomancy, improved emergencies, improved stragetic resources and improve warmonger penalties. I did find some bugs, especially when using DX12. Also when playing Kupe I don't spawn in ocean tiles, I just spawn on the mainland which gives me a pretty big advantage. Hope these issues are fixed soon.
I Posted a review on the forum however that was locked. Tried posting it here but it's too long lol. The post is here if you want an idea of what the game brings:  https://steamcommunity.com/app/289070/discussions/0/3247562523077657654/  I will post a basic summary here tho from that:  SUMMARY:  Adds a bit to the game and the game feels a lot more "finished" now. Not entirely, still some way to go but it feels better imo. So it's worth a thumbs up from me.  
It's good.
Civilization VI is the greatest iteration in the Civ franchise to date and with Gathering Storm it gains so much depth! This time around the Linux port was also released on the same day as the Windows version - kudos to Aspyr - and the Linux version works very well so far.
Russia invaded one of my cities and i fought them off. I chased what was left of their wounded soldiers and they ended up retreating to a nearby city of theirs. I couldn't decide whether to commit to the chase and follow them into their territory so i ended my turn.  The next turn the river their city was on flooded and damaged the walls and all their soldiers that happened to be too close to it! Made conquering them easy. Built my own city where theirs once stood, but i added a dam :).  The disasters and climate change make the map feel alive 10/10   
    Sid Meier's Civilization 6 has finally come into its own in its new expansion "Gathering Storm". Similar to Civilization 6's last expansion, "Rise and fall", Gathering storm makes players re-evaluate how they play the game by forcing them to make new, challenging decisions. These new changes include natural disasters (volcanoes, tornadoes, floods, etc), new governor promotions, new playable civilizations, a replacement of the god awful warmongering system, new techs and civics, minor changes to policy cards and past leader abilities, and most importantly the new global warming feature and resource consumption mechanic. With these changes, Civilization 6 feels much more finished and balanced than ever before with a variety of viable play styles and playable civilizations.      In the base game of Civilization 6 domination victories were all too easy, civilizations like Tomyris of Scythia could easily crush civs in the ancient and classical era with her ridiculously strong Saka Horse Archers and bonuses to horse archers healing and damage without any penalty. Civs like Gilgamesh of Sumeria could easily wipe out a neighboring civilization before they could even get going and snowball from there. These civs defined the early war snowball meta of the base game of civ 6. The base game, while certainly enjoyable, feels like it could use more features and more playable civilizations to create a more varied play style. The developers must have realized this too and added multiple dlc characters with interesting abilities, districts and units. However, among these newcomers emerged Cyrus of Persia and Alexander the Great of Macedon, two civs who were as powerful if not more powerful than the base game warmonger's wet dreams, Scythia and Gilgamesh.       With Firaxis' first major dlc for Civilization 6, "Rise and Fall", much of what I found boring about the base game had changed to some extent. Not only were the new civs great but the introduction of the Loyalty mechanic, Age and Era Score mechanics, and Governors made the game fell fresh again. The progression of turns felt important again and increasingly so once one got closer and closer to the end of and era. The most impactful change, however, was loyalty which changed much of how the game was (and still is) played. Loyalty is effectively a mechanism that hinders aggressive warmongering and forward settling by causing forward settled or conquered land to return to whoever is exerting the most loyalty pressure towards it (unless effective measures are take i.e. using a governor). Along with loyalty, the ages and era points feature effectively creates pressures to avoid solely building up military and instead to focus on obtaining great people and passing through the tech and civics trees. Failing to achieve at lease a normal age could cause you to fall far behind and even lose cities adjacent to other civs experiencing a golden age due to loyalty pressures. Not only this but new civs to Rise and Fall like Seondeok of Korea and Robert the Bruce of Scotland offer huge bonuses to the production and science heavy Scientific Victory, and Poundmaker of the Cree who was arguably my favorite civ of the dlc created a play style aimed at growing large and wealthy, allowing you to win through various means. Old favorites returned as well, Shaka of the Zulu and Genghis Khan of the Mongols came back to wreak havoc and dominate despite the loyalty system. This state of the game was much more healthy than its last iteration but it was far from perfect; warmongering was broken and the features didn't feel like they had been implemented to their full potential.      With the release of Gathering Storm, Sid Meier's Civilization 6 finally feels nuanced and polished. While new dilemmas and decisions arise from new features that affect settlement to choices about the trade-offs between short term expansion and long term well being, the game certainly hasn't gotten any less interesting and challenging for the player. Diplomacy and the diplomatic victory add a whole new dimension to the civ experience which promote cooperation to solve complex issues such as carbon emission reduction and dealing with out of control warmongers. The warmonger system has been replaced by the grievances system which stops interactions like France denouncing you due to having no spies in the classical era. Overall the Gathering Storm dlc has been amazing and I highly recommend it to any civ player or strategy lover. 
I wish Kupe was my dad.
C A N A L S
I really enjoyed Gathering Storm, especially the heating of the climate elements to show what happens when we reach a certain tech level. A few things I would like to see added would be more renewable energy sources and the ability to retrofit our old and polluting power plants to clean energy, and also a way to cool the Earth so the ice stops melting until the new systems come online. Also would be nice to help our city-state allies protect their cities from rising sea levels.  All in all though, I really enjoy playing this game, if they added the other things I had mentioned, I'd probably play it as often as I can.
Luckily where I come from it's only below $25 and that's without the sale. It's a fine addition, but if you're one of those people who can't accept change -don't buy it.
They need to change the name to Civilization VI: Gathering Canals.
This is the Beyond The Sword for Civ VI. Get it.
Despite in my first match with this DLC it contained a bug, (And have found no more so far.) I shall carry on with the rest of this review.  Although £35 is a bit to much, (£25 would have been better) it is a really good DLC and way better than Rise and Fall.  8/10 (Would have been 9 but the price is high.)
Playing as Eleanor of Aquitaine, randomly received a city at the very edge of my empire because of the passive.. saw that I would just lose the city again due to outside pressure of 2 AIs.. started to constantly gifting the city to other AIs halfway across the map so when their loyalty would drop to 0 I would get the city back and a +3 Era Score for converting a City with Loyalty.   11/10
Really liking the new expansion with its climate dynamics and world Congress decisions. Even the little changes I’m approving like they finally fixed the Australian colours. Yay! ‘Go green and Gold’!
is gud
thank you Firaxis, very cool!
its the best civ 6 expansion and it really makes the game 10 times better.  the only bad thing is that the world congress is nothing like civ 5 (which i preferred). overall it makes the game so much better but i just really hoped for something more from the world congress.
A better expansion overall than R&F, new mechanics that are really fun and engaging: for example diplomacy with the ai is more fun and usefull
First Civ 6 DLC that isn't horrifically bad like Rise and Fall was.  Add's more depth into the game. Late-game doesn't feel like a chore to get through. Climate change + Diplomacy are great additions, though instead of being denounced as a warmonger constantly for no reason, now everyone is trying to blow you for your diplomatic favour (still better than being attacked),  Price is stupid high though, would suggest getting this DLC at a discounted price (At least 25% off)
It's good.
Really good expansion. Really expensive also, but if you have the money and are willing to spend them, buy it!
It's good but pricey.
!
2/17/2019: Five games played with this DLC and I must say, this expansion does not disappoint.  - Graphics look better with the addition of environmental effects. Storms, volcanoes, floods. - Minimap is improved. Strategic view now looks better. - Diplomacy is still a bit gamey, but AI behavior is now improved thanks to Grievance system - Hall of Fame is back and it has statistics on every game played. - New civs make you play a bit differently. - Civ musical themes are great, especially the Maori and Canadian themes.  Downside: I have to turn off antialiasing in DX12 because it crashes.  8.5/10
didn't know Inca had wormhole technology.
This expansion is well done.  It seems they took the lead of many of the modders and improved some quality-of-life concerns.  I'm not crazy about the price, I would have felt better paying 19.99 or even 29.99.  It is a major update however and you can tell a lot of work went into it.  I'm not crazy about the global warming piece as a center piece, but I overlook the politics of it and see it as a way to implement challenge into the game.  I don't regret purchasing.
This DLC makes the game much more complete. Has plenty of new elements and the new mechanisms work well. Worth the investment.
The new features regarding maps, natural disasters, etc. are brilliant but Firaxis has also made the AI changes we've been wanting for a while. The new grievances system that ends the AI punishment for winning defensive wars that used to be so frustrating. It's a big enough expansion that it just about feels like a new game itself. I've been playing the series since III and this is probably the best expansion I've ever played alongside Beyond the Sword. The new features, as well as the realization of some of Civ VI's promise, make this game a must for any civ fan.
I am really happy with the expansion gathering storm. However it is way too easy to screw up the world and melt all the polar ice caps. I played a game as Sweden and had a zero carbon footprint the entire game, never made use of oil or coal or uranium and even with a culture of 900 per turn, I was able to research the carbon mitigation civic to reduce the worlds carbon footprint but I just wasn't able to stop global warming no matter how hard I tried. Even with all my cities doing carbon recapture projects the rest of the world would pollute so much that I couldn't stop global warming from getting out of control. I think going forward in newer patches of this game that they will have to make the carbon impact on the environment not so harsh, using coal oil and uranium should have a weaker effect on the environment. Although at the same time you can protect your coastal cities from rising ocean levels with flood barriers, and the overall effect of global warming really in't that bad in this game, at max level of CO2 in the atmosphere natural disasters percentage of happening is only increased from 10 to 15%. Going forward I would like to see the impact of global warming be more severe, more punishing, that would be more realistic. I love the World Congress though, I won a diplomatic victory with Canada and I personally believe it is the hardest victory to obtain, even harder than culture victory. The other thing I noticed is that the other civilizations are far less likely to declare war on you with the new grievance system. This is good because with Rise and Fall it seemed the game was almost exclusively war based, and that took away from the other appealing aspects of the game. With the new grievance system this is improved and war only happens with justified reasons. Once the community starts making some mods for gathering storm I believe that my concerns will be addressed, so yes I would recommend this game!
Love it. It's much harder to play now and intersting
its worth the money. Great addon
The changes to resources drastically improved how your average game goes, and personally I'd say that feature alone makes up for the price of this DLC.  The climate change feature is sadly not as well implemented as I'd originally hoped for, my hope being that we would get a mix between civ IV's "everything is a desert now" and what we ended up getting. Regardless, in combination with limited resources and powering up your factories in order to achieve higher production, the climate change feature is still a relatively fun one.  The natural disasters, however, is something Im not entirely sure how to feel about.  You can plan and build around volcanoes and rivers, which does mix up your city planning from before the expansion hit, but is it *better* ? Unsure. As for the storms, I have to admit that whenever I get a notification that a category 4 storm just spawned outside my borders, it does at the very least raise an eyebrow, so I'd argue a welcome change in that department.  Late game it does turn into a nuisance from the few games Ive had, wheareas in early game its alot more enjoyable- You either get ruined by a disaster, or have your rival ruined.   Overall, I'd recommend this DLC, though unless you already play Civ6 alot, perhaps waiting for a sale might be better for you.
50 dollars for another 100hrs play. how do i say... i can stay in my room and never go out for a couple days..
So far really enjoying the expansion.  Will update review after a few more hours playtime.
Very fun edition to the game. the natural disasters can mix things up but depending on were you start the game you can basically avoid all of them if you settle smartly you will be safe. but than again you wont get the bonuses from them so it's really up to circumstance. The future era is a nice edition but I wish there were more new units, though not to say the giant death robot isn't fucking awesome. The new civ's are great and playing as my country (Canada) feels great and the world council works quite well. I do wish that global warming had more of a impact. In short it has some problems but I recommend it.
Unit types are even more fleshed out, and I like the Diplomacy stuff.
The DLC is a solid 6/10  The new units are a welcome addition and will be great to see what modders can add as well. Canals are awkward to use and place but can be used well once mastered.   The main issues I had really came in with the Late Game when Climate Change really kicked in. In an update for the game they need to allow you to just remove the Power Sources from Workshops that way you do not have to keep diverting resources to power systems. Another Huge complaint I have with this DLC is how it handles Climate Change itself. They give you amble chance to fix it yes however I do not know if this was a bug or just over all but it kept saying I was the leader in pollution and I only had Nuclear Reactors, Solar Farms, and Wind Farms. I had used a lot of coal in the beginning when power became available and stopped using it after Nuclear.  The Most disappointing thing about this DLC is the World Congress. It really serves 0 purpose and is the cheapest way for a victory in the game so do not enable diplomatic victory. It has been heavily streamlined and dumbed down from Civilization V where the World Congress actually did things. In this Resolution have Zero effect on you if it is bad and little to nothing if it is good. For Example there is a Resolution in the game that targets one Civilization and the effects are either A: The Targeted Leader will recieve a hit to loyalty gained but get population faster B: The Targeted Leader will gain loyalty Faster but population grows 20% slower and those are your only 2 Choices and you have to vote. There is no abstaining and there are no other options.  It is good but not worth 40 Dollars because everything in it is kind of broken sometimes. New Leaders are good though and very fun.
I have played a little with Gathering Storm active and I will say that the game is a hell of a lot better with the newest addition. The new diplomatic victory is (for me) fun to achieve. Game also performs better (slightly) and the AI can make a stand (sometimes) against you. In the game I am in now I am hopelesly behind with science and I have Laturo as a neighbour, the dude has airplanes and I have musketmen. Oh the shame. I haven't played the game out yet but I must say that when they waging war against you they still mess up badly. Thats the way it is with a game this complex, I love the new disasters they put in as well, makes the map alive and fun. It is extrememy extremely expensive but I highly recommend it. It really makes the game way more fun and better to play. For those low on funds, wait for a sale and then do not hessitate.
It takes a good game and makes it gooder.
Dont let the price tag scare you off. 100% worth it for everything that was added.
Canada. Enough said
Here is my opinion after one full game worth of play (approximately 12hrs)  Pros: -Disasters are well done (I named my first city under a volcano Pompeii, I was not disappointed with the results). -Climate is an interesting addition and well developed. -Diplomatic victory has a much better system then Civ V. I actually found it enjoyable and dynamic. -CANADA!!!!! (Hecking been waiting for this for so long). -For the most part, I enjoyed the new districts. (canals are fun to mess around with, but the dams seem kinda useless). -The new units are cool and entertaining (seems like the jumps between unit strength in eras have lessened slightly). - Not sure if the AI got a boost but I had an extremely entertaining battle with Hungary and they actually fought back almost as well as a human player. -Oh and lets not forget production ques (it's about dang time).  Cons: -The new Civs seem pretty weak for multiplayer/competitive play. (bonuses are very situational for a few). -Price (this thing ain’t cheap ya’ll). - Where all my new maps at? (I mean we have plenty of mods that add maps, but you would think the developers would come out with more).  Summary: Overall I was pleasantly surprised with this DLC. If your not a dedicated Civ fan you might want to wait for a sale seeing the price is huge. Does it add $50 worth? Probably not. Is it fun? I had a blast. Tbh this is the kinda DLC to diversify and enhance the game that I have been waiting for.
op
Gotta love the bravery of some of the Ai troops,  Made my day when an archer attacked my giant death robot  10/10 Would genocide again
It adds a lot of cool content and I don't have any real problems with it. World Congress and the whole climate change thing are really cool additions. Climate Change isn't as devastating as it may seem and it's quite containable. All the new civs are really interesting to say the least.   It's a little pricey but if you enjoy Civ 6 then this is absolutely worth the money.
V GOOD
Not used to new mechanics...  *minding my own business* *nuclear reactor explodes* me: Who's nuking me? :O  10/10 black plague again...
Went to settle my 3rd city on turn 25.... category 4 hurricane make him go bye bye. Refunded ASAP 10/10
Gameplay seems the same as Rise & Fall during the Ancient and Classical eras, but it gets so much better later in the game.
This is finally great DLC.....only problem is the price
I have a blast with this DLC! I adds so much more content to the game love it! 10/10
I get to see mother nature wreck my cities!
This expansion is like...buying 23$ shrimp sandwiches at the airport, its "luxuriouse" but your wallet does not agree.  Good thing i like shrimp
Diplomatic victory, new civs, natural disasters. A+
Much good
An absolute must-have. Gathering Storm turned Civilization 6 into the best Civ ever. The amount of new content is much bigger than in Rise and Fall, the price is a bit high for a DLC but it's worth it. Nothing more to say - if you like Civ 6 then you won't be disappointed.  Many thanks to Aspyr Media for porting it to Linux and releasing it on day-1 with full cross-plaform multiplayer.
Civilization Gathering Storm makes Civ VI feel new and fresh. The climate and weather effects are enjoyable but not really a game changer. I would say the diplomatic system (that this game has always had major problems with) has been improved greatly. I have only made it to the modern era so far in the game with this new update but so far the world council seems fair and makes the game more realistic. If there is a player running around conquoring cities and if they have no allies the world council might call for several players to declare war against them. Also if you declare a justifiable war everyone wont hate you anymore. Would I recommend buying this for $40, no I would not. I recently bought the previous DLC for $20 and this one for $40. I say together they are worth about $40, but if you got some extra cash laying around, this is a good purchase.
was expensive i really like civ though
Really, really good addition to the basegame. The desasters and the new diplomacy are very well designed and give the game a more natural touch.
Civilization is slowly returning to its roots, while adding a things that should've been in the game for ages but never came, like "canals". I mean, its about damn time that you dont have to move an additional 40+ tiles because of that ONE piece of land thats connecting two parts of a large continent. In civ 5 you could circumvent it by building a city, but the Canal-district is an even better improvement :)
I have positive impression however playing only a couple of hours.  - Diplomacy system is working well.  - Resources are much more realistic, the operating mechanism is making more sense than before. - Impact of mother nature is over scaled a little bit (but you can set up the strength of the effect).  - All in all, I consider this DLC good, no bugs, interesting content. Negative things are:  - As far as I see, the AI is the same or similar as it was before. - Price is too high  Playing with the game until modern era. Additional experience:  Pro: - Still very nice graphics. Great to see, nature is answering on human activity.  - Nice new wonders.  - Practical new tile improvements. Especially the new military engineer actions (railroad, tunel, etc.) - Energy generation is promising but implementation is eh….space for improvement. See below. Cons: - Raw material calculation screws up for oil, etc.  - Units and energy generation are competing with each other. Algorithm is struggling with the numbers. - Key reports are missing. Like military unit report or at least a list of units - City report, e.g. who is producing what type of list….
Expensive, but adds a surprising amount of content.   - New civs:  Many of the new civs add amazing, very orinal special bonuses, it is worth playing with them.   - New content:  Abundent, amazing and very nice, however in my first (and only thus far) playthrough  ( Inca, Immortal) I didn't experience many natural disasters and had little interaction with the new mechanics surrounding weather control.   -Diplomacy:   I had won this first game diplomatically (and also I would win it scientifically, the inca can have crazy adjacency bonuses for  campuses). The new system with diplomatic favor is nice, and adds plenty of new problem-solving options.   Complaints:  The only complaint for me thus far is that diplomatic victory seems a bit broken, in spite of having very limited diplomatic favor I had very easily obtained the necessary victory points, and even on the edge of victory the a.i didn't seem to care and made negligible effort to stop me from getting them. At the same time I had only 4-5 cities in the late game and could have been easily been swarmed by enemies, but I never had a serious war.   Conclusions:  You probably might expect some bugs\broken mechanics but hopefully they will be patched. This is only based on 1 game, I might edit this review after playing more games. The new content is interesting, surprising and exciting, inffluencing the entire game and experience of playing this game, worth the price.
An improvement in all aspects, added depth to new and old characters. The environmental disasters make the games more fun and unpredictable.
This is the expansion that brings it all together! Overwhelming amount of content! This is exactly what I WOULD pay $39.99 for.  
Amazing expansion
Gathering Storm adds a lot of very welcome additions to Civs. The only complaint I have with the DLC is they should of fleshed out the Future age a little bit more. But other than that it well worth buying!
Good to see changes in mechanics. I was getting tired of getting called a warmonger after simply retaliating at my enemies for harassing me. Congress, natural disasters add more depth to the game as well.
The basics
Recommended as fuck if you want more emersion
An incredible expansion. I've probably got 2,500 collective hours with Civ since Civ 4, and this expansion marks the absolute pinnacle of the series for me. It's a beautiful intersection of fearless design choices and thematics. And at long last...  THE LATE GAME DOESN'T SUCK.  On the contrary, I'm EXCITED to play the late game now. They also seem to have addressed some late game performance issues, too, to make it even more smooth. Managing climate, electricity, etc. is so satisfying. Diplomacy actually makes sense now, but dicks will still try to nab low-hanging fruit if you leave a city vulnerable. If you strengthen your position enough, even warmongers will buddy up to you.  I'm a die-hard fan of Dido from Civ 5 and her (authentic) return as the leader of Phoenicia in this DLC is just amazing.  For those complaining about price, I paid $30 for Starcraft: Brood War in 1997. Inflation has risen considerably since then.  This is not a 'DLC' it is a full-on expansion, just like they used to make them. Only the most determined curmudgeons will be disappointed with Gathering Storm. Well, them and climate-change deniers. I think there might be some overlap there, anyways.
Very pleased with my purchase; qualifies as a legit expansion rather than a DLC in my opinion. Bought it for the disasters. Got the future tech, United Nations, and a bunch of additional scenario, Civs, and wonders too.   Played my first game as the Inca. Capital spawned in the middle of a mountain range, which is ideal for them. 3000 years later I have Machu Picchu and an epic amount of resources pumping out of my terrace farms and districts. Spain spawned on the other side of my continent...looks like history is about to get flipped turned upside down this time around!  But first, these disasters have messed me up...Nothing quite so exciting as a volcano ravaging your primary science city followed up shortly thereafter by a 1000 year flood to the river I built it on. Then, the world nations saying "sorry buddy, you're on your own" when you call a special session of the world council to ask for aid. Forget them; if they don't want to lend aid now, they can pay for it once I'm done with repairs!  Added content and random upsets are worth the $40 for me. Maybe so for you, maybe not. I think it's priced right for an expansion at launch. If you don't agree, wait for a sale.
Finally they make real game. upvote!
Just spent 2 hours trying to get a start that is usable (not great) and at most you are jam inbetween 2 other civs 6 hex`s away which is auto lost or you get a no usable hex in your start area another loss. not helped by the very very limited (2) map choices for huge maps.
The climate change and disaster additions were decent, but I felt the biggest benefits in this expansion were from the new resource system and the world congress. They both added depth and created new interesting ways to interact with other civilizations.   A solid expansion.
My favorite expansion so far. New civs are a blast to play and are some of my favorites ever released. The change to the economy adds a layer of complexity to the game without making it hard to understand. The world congress allows for a whole new win condition and the approach they took to it in this game is my favorite implamintation yet with a whole new currency called favor. The weather effects are also a fun bonus that make the map feel much more alive and dynamic.   There is nothing wrong with this expansion save for the AI still not being terribly great. However, they made a whole new warmongering system that feels a lot more realistic and makes offline games way more enjoyable (you can have revenge wars without being called a warmongerer now!)
Is it worth $40? Never, not in 1,000 years.  Is it a nice mod? For sure. Some nice ideas, and old ideas from past CIV's.  Therefore, either buy it because you are a die hard CIV fanatic, or wait for a discount and buy it for $5.
Very good complete overhaul of the game with some very nice extras.
The expansion is great, it completes the game for a thorough enjoyable experience BUT the price tag is too high. At the moment Civ is $20 something and if bought as a pack it's worth. However for it's original price, It's too much. Great expansion though.I Recommend it.
Great expansion and great additons
Started with Eleonor of Aquitaine as France and randomly started in North Africa! Settled my capital right near a desert, plain, and a volcano. Lessons learned... but totally worth it lol. Then went to explore South Africa and saw England there! Oh boy! Colonialism at its finest...
10/10
TFW a 1,000 year flood wipes out your city and you dam up the river, but you cant dam it up because your city is a glorified swimming pool.
Wow, just.. wow!! From the World Congress to disasters to engineering projects to disasters, this expansion has it all. The new scenarios and civs are a blast and this content-heavy expansion is worth every penny. this will atleast triple my 433 hours!!
Makes late game fun, great expansion if you like playing after the victory condition has been met.
Ok.  I LOVE the new mechanics.  Its fun, interesting and great for the first era or so.  Its not that it gets bad later, it gets extremely LAGGY so I cant play long.  Performance has dropped significantly with this new expansion.  I want to play this and give it a great review, but it needs to be better optimized.
I'll start off by saying I love this game but this DLC makes it unplayable.  When I attempt to click on the production button nothing happens.  I read online that I may need to verify the integrity of my files, which I did, but still have the issue.  Very disappointed as I was really looking forward to the new features and civs....  I hope they fix this soon.  Until then I had to request a refund.\  UPDATE**************  So, I repurchased this DLC because I really wanted to play with the added features.  I was able to change some of the font without "Breaking" the game.  Only certain fonts can be changed and some print is still way too small but it is currently manageable.  I honestly love this DLC.  It really adds a lot to the long term strategy of the game and certainly spices up the end game, which imo, got stale pretty quick before.  I just completed my first play through and it truly kept me engaged till the very end.  Ended up winning a Science Victory at turn 403.  The new World Congress is pretty interesting.  Nothing that will really make or break your play through but definitely adds to the strategy as you can try to help yourself or hinder your opponents as I found I needed to do at one point when Canada was starting to rack up those points for a Diplomatic Victory.  The other AI Civs also caught on and we banned together to take a point away from him.  The AI seems to be a little smarter in this regard as they banded together at one point to hinder my international trade as well, the butt pirates.  One welcomed and more realistic addition is that of resource management.  Now you actually accrue your resources, spend them on tile upgrades and units.  A Battleship for instance requires 1 Coal to build.  That 1 Coal is taken from your stockpile which can be replenished if you have the necessary resources.  Some units consume resources each turn as an upkeep.  Much better as it now makes more sense to trade with other civs as opposed to the previous version where you have two coal mines and 2 coal.  You can continuously build and maintain anything that required 2 coal or less.   Now, you have to be able to manage your resources and decide what is the best long term strategy for those resources.  Great addition as I never traded for resources before but found myself doing so several times throughout this play through.  Also, the new climate change feature is fantastic.  Flooding and subsequently a category 4 hurricane decimated my Capital at one point.  There are measures to counter these natural disasters but my priorities were elsewhere.  Rolled the dice and SNAKE EYES!!  Lol.  The animations and actually being able to see the damaged tiles and  improvements was pretty cool.  I could go on and on but in all honesty, I want to start another game lol.  I really am happy I gave it a second chance, although they really do need to get with the times and make the UI larger for people playing on a large 4k television or the like.  So, in short, I changed my review to recommended.  The price tag is still a little steep but there are  a lot of new additions.  Still, imo it should be a $30 DLC pack, but if you're a fan of this game I really don't think it'll disappoint as it has a lot to offer.
Playing as Canada. Sorry. Ottawa has it all - St. Basil's, Amundsen-Scott Research Station, full-adjacency bonus hockey rink, multiple ski resorts. A Russian rock band shows up and plays a concert so well that the city instantly rebels and becomes a free city. My army is too weak to recapture the city and the people too unloyal. It remains a free city until the game ends fifty turns later with my own rock bands tourisming across Russia.  Two hockey sticks / 10
This is how CVI should be.
A 'preview' of a review, since I don't have adequate experience for a full one in this DLC, so here's what I can talk about right now:  -Not worth 40$. Wait for sale. Good expansion, but 40$? no.  -Being called a warmonger despite being innocent is fairly well-countered now! If people do something against you, you get grievance points, allowing you to do bad things to them in return with other nations turning a blind eye.   -Weather and geological events like volcanoes and hurricanes can be interesting, but most of the volcanoes seem to just go dormant later in the game. Not sure about storms yet.  -Canals & mountain tunnels are great. Canals are a little annoying since as far as my experience you can only really build them on one-land gaps between pockets of ocean/lake, but are still great - Mountain tunnels are useful, though it seems you might be able to go through a huge chain of mountain tunnels (i.e. 3/4 on really big mountain ranges and further) with only 2 movement points. Could be certainly interesting to see how people use this :P  overall, so far, 7/10 - Good, not great. Wait for sale if you really want this.
Changes the game up enough that it feels worth the price tag.  An excellent addition to to Civ 6
Really good expansion
Good expansion. Adds a lot more content.  Worth the money if you were already into civ 6. if you were not into civ 6 i would say wait for a sale.  
I have not been able to stop 10/10
YES. YES. YES. YES.     Y E S.
I have to give this game a big thumbs up. Mostly because so many of the negative reviews are people saying how its too expensive. Here's the thing though; Civilization is a completely unique game, I have tried countless other games which are supposed to be "just like Civ probs better" and they are nothing like Civ, nothing comes close in terms of the immersion, delicious balance between simplicity and complexity, historical juicy flavor, and epic rewriting of humans history. Yeah, its a hella expensive game if you've bought all the DLC full price (I have except for the minor ones which I get on sale). But even then, it amounts to no more than 2.5, max 3 times as expensive as any other game right now. I argue that its 5x as good as pretty much any game I have come across. So yeah, you're gonna pay more for this game. Not all games are created equal. Deal with it.
If you're a fan of Civ games, and also enjoy a challenge, then this DLC is for you.  Basically, a Civ DLC, made for Civ fans
For those that say that this DLC is overpriced, I believe that they are incorrect.  With the number of features, new civs, and tweaks to existing content, it is well worth the price.  The added events have prevented the game from being boring towards the end of the game.  I am very pleased with the outcome of this DLC.
So far I am loving it, the Natural Disasters are not annoying at all and provide Yield changes overtime & New Strategic resource system works very well also.   World congress and its currency is easily abused with AI though  AI is still quite bad   Worth 40 euro if you love Civ VI, better to wait until sale if you dont play VI a lot.
Great dlc with tons of new things to do. If you like civ VI then don`t stop yourself, you will never regret this.
Well crafted expansion.
They added Canada, Now I can win by making other people nuke each other.
My heart goes out to the modders out there.  Otherwise yeah, it's a nice diplomatic addition.
It's a lot of fun to play the new civilizations. The natural events or desasters are a very cool new feature in the Civilization franchise and it's also a lot of fun to try to fight the desasters. Also the diplomacy and the change to the warmonger penalty are a welcomed feature...  All in all this DLC is worth every cent, and a lot of fun to play. Can't wait to try out every new civilization.
My capital got hit by a category 5 hurricane back to back in the first two eras. 10/10 would let my city get obliterated by natural disasters again.
A blizzard killed all my troops. 10/10
Nice expansion.
I have played this franchise for a very long time and I feel like this may be one of the best dlc. The environment you have to deal with, sandstorms, volcanoes, floods ect. adds a nice dynamic feel to gameplay (not even mentioning the end era stuff). The mega projects like dams and canals is amazing, I tended to settle cities in natural areas so my city could act like a canal... now getting to build it adds another level to city placement (again, not to mention mountain tunnels!)  The price tag is kinda steep... but this is a great dlc. 8/10
Now that sounds exciting.
Managed to put in a few hours today, I had some fears that the content wouldn't be worth my money, but so far I've been proven wrong.  Seems like a very solid expansion, and truth be told, the cliché where civ games become solid at their second exams feels true... (which isn't really a good thing, but well, I'll take it if I get to play a nice game)  What I like so far: - I'm not sure if it's just me, but a lot of the map elements seem to have been redesigned, it feels a lot more easy to look at. - Similarly to the previous note, there's a lot of UI improvements and QOL buttons (like instantly renew what a spy is doing) - Natural disasters are very fun to deal with, even in your own territory. - A _huge_ amount of new things to hold in account when settling such as: can I place canals here, am I too close to a volcano, will there be a lot of flooding, can I build tunnels and so on.  What I don't like: - Disasters at lvl 2 at the start of the game it seemed a bit too focussed on a few places... In like 150 turns I've experienced 4 huge floods & two tornados all in my first city. I've heard a lot that disasters are a bit underwhelming, but for me that certainly wasn't the case. - AI has improved a bit to my experience, but they're still way too easy to be played, I'd say take a good look at Stellaris' AI , but they themselves also seemed to have screwed their AI recently..  All in all, solid experience though, I could probably ramble on for a few more pages I'll keep it at this!
Changes so much yet it's still civ. It finally feels complete. Though I'd suggest a few new civs are far too specialized.
Really like this one :D Most of the new civs are very unique like the ocean start of the Maori, the unique Ottoman gouvernor or the extremely peaceful bilingual Canadian leader which is protected from surprise wars but to compensate  can't declare them either.   You can spectate hurricans, floods and tornadoes ravaging your cities which may completely mess up your plans but hey, at least some action is going on ;P
I recommend this expansion since it adds many features. I played 2 full games and can recommend it :)
The best expansion so far! Great job! I love that the strategic resources are now accumulated per turn, it makes it more realistic and gives you many options in trading. I also like the grievances concept, haven't explored it much yet but it looks promising. Gone are the days that the world will get mad at you because you retaliated to someone who wronged or declared war at you. Congrats!
Best addition to the game yet.
Adds back in Diplomatic Victory, Future Age, Pollution/Climate Change  New first time civs & leaders, new scenario, natural disasters  A perfect excuse to play one... more... turn...
Cool
Fantastically fun.
So good Dlc played from first hour today it released. So well done and about 16h play time today keep up thje awesome work, The best dlc to any civ game ever <3
hi i bought the game but says it not instalied can anyone help  me
Crucial.
Really solid expansion! It changes/adds allot.
It's a nice expansion. I couldn't test it all but the floods and droughts are nice game elements. However, for my casual play-style and my humble wallet the current game is enough so I'll wait for a sale. Or even wait till Civ VII comes out and buy that.
Wow really awesome expansion, Played all night and the inca seem a bit busted. Disasters are super fun and intresting and I cant wait to pump C02 into the atmosphere and make the flood waters rise to screw my coastal enemies.
I love this expansion:   more options to play as, each with unique mechanics for diverse game play. The diplomacy system has seen massive improvements.  The resource system is great  and adds another layer of strategy.  ( suddenly playing mongolia got more interesting since I cant spam horses right away!)  Climate is like another player you have to either ally or fight, and make the your tiles more dynamic. Great new wonders: I LOVE Machu Pichu. Also the textures are  better.     The only con is that someone thought it was a good idea to switch the accept and reject buttons when trading... why?  I was a civ 4 player, and this... this is now my new favorite!  P.s. bring back corporations!
Great expansion. Disasters are fun and the new diplomacy (with grievances system) is much better than the past warmongering.
Good
MEAN MAORI MEAN
Been playing since Civ I and Civ is always my go to game when nothing else works for me.  Gathering Storm is a nice change with many added features.  Not a fan of some but overall I am enjoying this update.  A bit expensive but I will get my $40 worth and more so I'm ok with it.  I must add I really enjoyed seeing all the live streams of the game before release and seeing all those very talented folks who have spilled their guts out to make this game great.
굉장히 게임이 역동적으로 변했으며 변수없던 RF 후반을 데스로봇이라던지 UN등 여러 요소를 배치해서  심심할 틈이 줄어들었으며 자연재해, 매우 유니크한 문명등 필수 확장팩  
Masterpiece
One...More....Turn   (Brilliant Gift from my Fiance for Valentines xD)
This dlc makes the game perfection, i don't got any negatives about the dlc independently.  YOU CAN FINALLY MAKE A CANAL! I love canals :3 Graphics just got 1 billion times bigger-i mean, better... The diplomatic mechanics are sexy Each tile is now more important then ever, with the flooding and environment changes like tornadoughs and blizzards and so on.  In conclusion, this game IS much better due to graphical and canal wise. I recommend to anyone who aligns with the liberal thought of these wonderful developers! 
It's rewind time.
Fantastic expansion.  Adds a ton of content and improves some old features.  Seems the AI at harder levels was also improved!
Gathering Earth adds a fantastic edge to the game, and also shoves my own horrible luck in my face!  England: Desert all around with next to no fertile land; duststorms everywhere Sweden: Map spawned me in the middle of 4 active volcanoes Sweden (again): Map spawned me with floodlands all around, one of which already destroyed a few farms  The game shows no mercy and I freaking love it. Worth the buy and by far my favorite DLC from the Civ series.
Interesting mechanics make the game feel more alive than ever before. People complaining about disasters can turn them off if it's not your thing, but there is enough U.I indicators when settling to minimise the rng. Greivances makes the A.I more transperrant leading to a more engaging diplomacy game. Price tag is steep but if you're in anyway interested in fleshing out civ 6 it's worth considering.
Best dlc ever to any civ game hands down! So much content and so much cool stuff. World feels alive and AI diplomacy feels better.
Where is Russian language on mac os version? I set this option in game but nothing change.  P.S. 就现在都很好！
Summary: Amazing.   Diplomacy is now workable and entirely transparent. Giving you total feedback of every slight and their intentions. Alliances are more stable, and defending yourself is never punishing.   Expansion features? I was just attacked as part of a coalition, out numbered 12-1. Then Russia pushed a bit too hard and caused the sea levels to rise again, decimating multiple cities and coastlines. The volcano on my coast erupted massively, destroying everything including the enemy army passing by it to my capital.   Seeing this, I nuked everything and caused climate change to go ape. Destroying everything allowing me to mop up.   10/10 would destroy climate again.
This DLC scratches many of the itches that was left with R&F and the base game itself.   Most of the negative reviews are either complaining about how it isn’t installing or whining about the price tag.
They have finally paid attention to us, the fans, by including the lord Canada in the game. Now, I can finally make my Easy difficulty run against the USA and Britain with a Moose squadron. Thank you so much.
Canada is the new Gandhi <3
I do not write reviews often, but this expansion deserves it.  I am truly impressed with the features I have found so far in the few hours of playing.  With the grievance system, you don't get penalized for conquering other cities if the other civ is the the one who declared war on you. To a certain degree.  I love the new natural disaster system, it has made the world you are in more alive.  Nothing else more to say since I haven't delved into the expansion long, but if you own Civ6, you must get this expansion.
I Love this expansion but whoever decided to reverse the accept and reject deal buttons is a god damn monster!
Excellent.
People shelled out so much money for added civs and yet we still get a 40$ expansion.  But at least the game is decent now.
The name of the guy is Süleyman Listen to me man. He's number one Şarkının burası turistler için Neden? Because Süleyman is back in town
This has made the whole game of Civs 6 worth it. They out did themselves on this one. I feel pride in being a fan again and I hope others will to. 10/10
Cthulhu will be disappointed. It takes forever to sink everybody into ocean... >_>
This maybe the best addition to civ in a long time. Settled in the middel of England, France and Hungary as Sweden trying to make friends. France likes me the other two doesnt. Use all my diplo powers to get Hungary and England to fight each other...  Took about 200 years, but now they are in a war and im having a blast.  But then a volcano and a river erupts and i lost alot! alot!!!  Now england probably found out i was helping in the war and they declared war - lost two cities and got into a dark age!   the new system and actually the AI is better, the greviance and diplo system works great. Its a neat and enjoyable DLC!  10/10
Vive la Canadienne!
its lit
The Mrs thanks you for ruining Valentines day. Awesome expansion though
I was playing the Ottomans and went to war with Russia. A blizzard occurred within Russian territory with my units inside it. I'm no longer attacking Russia. 10/10 expansion, would watch nature kill my whole army again
Lots of great new stuff. Only played one game so far. Vs Ottoman Empire.   So far So good! Natural Disasters are a nice change!
Thank god this expansion came out on Valentine's! Now I can use it to ignore the pain.
I truly love this new expansion. Not only because of canals, Canada, and rock concerts. But because of the addition of the world congress from Civ 5 that gives an extra addition to the game. Plus the volcanoes, hurricanes, and floods that occasionally occur add a little needed spice to the game!
So, so good. This expansion has taken a game that I already loved to a whole new level that I didn't realize was possible. I can't believe how much they've added.
2019.2.14 Volcano's Day
Some dickhead decided to switch the refuse and accept deal buttons around in this expansion. I traded a great work away to Moari for a single horse because of this.   Aside from that, I've been loving this expansion so far. I haven't played a whole game yet, since I'm writing this three hours after release. The early game (at least for me, as Sweden) has been very fun with the new mechanics. The new civs seem great.   If you're not a die-hard fan, I'd say wait for a sale. If you're a die-hard fan, then you probably already bought it. Regardless of price, though. it's good shit.
INCA KOLA
I spent 15 turns waiting for the volcano I settled next to to erupt. It went back to being dormant. Darn. Canada had a blizzard traverse its territory, from Vancouver to Quebec. I witnessed one of its builders building a hockey rink the turn before the blizzard came. Realistic 10/10. Now, out of 9 players in the game, one is me, five are allies, and three are declared friends. Diplomacy system is working and enjoyable. I've played a lot of Civ. Like, thousands of hours. But this is, so far, the best game I have ever played. I am so satisfied. No mods, Emperor difficulty, playing as the Inca, and I need to go to bed. I'm gonna take just one more turn. 
A very complete expansion pack!
I got Gathering Storm for less than $12 due to the Lunar 2019 -$5 off + over $20 in steam funds off a gift card from a giveaway I won.   If you paid full price for this, you're a clown. I'm afraid the circus is out of business, clown.  Good dlc.  Rome is still the best civ in the game two expansions later.   Domination victory is the only victory.  Yadda, yadda, yadda.
Play China -> create climate change -> enemy gets wiped out by disasters -> profit
Finally a civ 1 remake..... God, didn't know how much i missed those things like "Global Warming Warning"  where my entire world turned into dessert and floodplains.  I like how they more and more go back to their roots (civ6 with local happiness, last expansion the loyalty system like culture flipping back then and now global warming).  Only one thing left to add.... Castle or throne room 😁
How do I say this... I'ts a bit crude, but...   Hehe...  I got a boner
A very solid addition to civilization VI. Restored the "one more turn" feeling even after 800 hours of Civ 6. highly recommend it. Time to get to bed so i can get my 3 hours of sleep before work.
Super fun! Love the changes, makes you think ahead of time how your gonna manage all your improvements and city locations.
Nuked a Volcano... DID NOT spawn a lvl 95 Scorchbeast... disappointed!
Boiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!!!!!! LES GO!
I just spent more on a DLC than the game is worth  AMA  But it is a fun expansion, I like to play as America and only use gas/oil power plants and let the AI get fucked by natural disasters
Me really likey
If you love playing Civ VI then this is a must buy. There are many features, big and small, that enhance the experience. I am glad that they've finally made an expansion that has environmental effects and weather changes - and it shows how much effort they put into it.   However, if you think this expansion is overpriced then I suggest you wait for a sale - most likely the steam summer sale if you have the patience for it.
some very exciting new elements
yeeboii I love Civ. Sid Meiers you're the bomb digity
Gathering Storm has added a tremendous amount of content in a surprisingly new direction for the series. At first glance, I thought this DLC was predominantly for dealing with climate change and events. I was pleasantly surprised at all the other content included that seems to add many new mechanics and features to make early game setups important, as well as bulking up mid-late game scenarios.  The devs seemed to have made a point with trying to create a true type of existence where anything can happen at any time. Which is exactly how a Civ should be.   Unless some game breaking mechanics are discovered, it's a thumbs up from me.  I will comment on the multiplayer aspects of the DLC once I have a few under my belt.
FIRST!!!! Great DLC by the way. Really out done yourselves. Would HIGHLY recommend.
More Sean Bean
*You can't use the expansion civs in vanilla play* (Please change this, I really want to Maori with friends who don't have the expansion)  I highly recommend Gathering Storm if you did not buy the first expansion. You don't get the civs, BUT you do get all the gameplay upgrades from the first expansion (Governors and Golden/Dark Ages are the best!).  Some people are complaining there isn't enough new content. If you never got the first expansion there is definitely TONS of new content. It is great!
The additions are great, although I wish that the future era was more substantial. As someone who always loved Call to Power (not a Sid Meier's Civ, but licensed under the Civ name) the future eras are always my favourite to play around with.   Also, full disclosure, I wrote this just to get the first review :D
amazing
skrr first review
yuh yuh yuh
ben buys game i love in it
first
Bought the game but can't seem to work out how to download it? Grrr
very good
So good!!!!!
This expansion is awesome. Havnt even played it yet
Climate Change is a lie fabricated by the Chinese
Scientist have been attempting to make climate change theory into science but have not found a scientific breakthrough until the year 2019 when they discovered that the only plausible way for climate change to exist was inside a videogame.  Scientists gathered their collective brainpower and released Sid Meier's Civilization VI: Gathering Storm. It was a huge success finally climate change was able to exist.  On a side note, higher amounts of carbon dioxide will actually make our planet greener because it increases both the quality and amount of plant growth which in turn consumes the carbon and turns it into breathable air for humans.  Plants go through photosynthesis using sunlight as an energy source to convert CO2 and water into sugar and oxygen.  Fun Fact: the US Government spent $700,000 in 2010 studying cow farts. The conclusion was their farts admit only a small fraction of methane compared to their belching. We might as well have spent that money studying humans eating at Taco Bell.
good dlc
第一
it released .3 seconds ago and Ghandi already nuked me twice, 10/10
First
meh
first
Good, Wait I Am Too Early?
This Item is not yet available  Edit: Item is now available. World Congress is pretty good, but much different from the one in Civ 5. Players are no longer able to choose what sort of legislation they want to bring up, instead topics are chosen randomly. The new way of voting is much better however, and the emergency votes add some interest, as I found myself debating whether to declare an emergency over a fallen City State due to a low amount of diplomatic influence and military power. The climate change mechanics are very interesting, and seem like they would be fun to play with. My only real gripe is that, despite the changes, the game still plays much the same, meaning that you'll most likely win before reaching the future tech era or seeing the actual results of climate change. One final note is that Canada can actually be somewhat game breaking. Due to it's unique ability, it cannot have a surprised war declared on it. However, if you become an ally with another Civ, they also get this bonus, meaning that you can spread pacifism like an diplomatically transmitted disease.
This review was written by Xorph, my girlfriend, through family share: _______________ No lie this series has some damn good soundtracks, def buy 'em.  9/10  If this wasn't just a soundtrack this review would probably have actual substance!   Follow my [url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/31984244/]Curator[/url] to be kept up on all my reviews, including stuff I ghost-write through Family Share!  Check out the discussions on my [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/xorphreviewsthings]Group[/url] if you wanna see my reviews of non-steam games, suggest what I should play next, or to yell at me for calling your favorite game bad!
Great
short and clunky control but smooth animation it actually makes the "that part" toggleable which make it a okay thing to have in your library(maybe)
A surprisingly good game. Similarly to Hunie Pop, the erotic content feels more like an extra than the main selling point, as the game itself is quite a solid and fun platformer. I do wish there was a level select so you could replay any of the three levels at your wish, and maybe some achievements to give it more replay value, but outside of that, it's honestly a great game.  And if you don't want to see your character having some no-no time with the ladies, you can disable those scenes right at the start of a new game. So this game is perfect for both those that do and don't want to see dirty content.
hentai game that has dark souls level of difficulty  10/10
Excellent sprite animations, worth for the sprite job alone, but it also is a good platformer, so nothing to sulk here.
this game is surprisingly hard if your a scrub like me  its a lewd game but has some cool mechanics and fun fighting  it even has some pretty good music and pretty graphics 0 out of 10 im too much of a scrub :(
Fantasdick
A bit short and light on content, but surprisingly challenging and fun.
Truly the pinnacle of loneliness for me, gameplay is smooth, animations are very clean, 8/10 "Could be longer, and have more enemies, but what I got is enough for me to give it a thumbs up."  ...please update it with more content...
All in all, it's a good Action-Platformer/H-Game. A few of the jumping sequences were challenging, but is much better than a few others I've played.  The only downside, is playing in fullscreen while trying to look at the gallery's CGs. You have to go windowed at 2x to see the pictures, but other than that it's good.  I recommend it for the Classic Metroidvania feel of the gameplay, and all but one of the photos are good for H-lovers.
Oh, how delightful.
This is a good game. I want to get into the same adventure! One drawback - the pictures are not made in the general pixel style of the game. And keyboard settings are not saved.
I have to say its not a bad game at all! The basic Mechanics of the game were very Nostalgic of my younger days! the option to turn off the adult content makes it so anyone can enjoy the game, but it is a nice feature nonetheless! I would recommend it strongly!
This game is awesome, I'am fan of games 2D like this one. To be honest I thought at first that this game is easy, ohh I was wrong. Died like 15+ times, didn't expect that booses can be that hard to take down. Also like this adult option ;) I hope Kyrieru will do more games like this one :)
This is the only game you'll die on purpose... The concept of mixing a good platformer with adult pixel art is just amazing! 
Great game! Worth every pennies.
Eroico is a side scroller action platformer game, I would call this a "escape the fate" game, I don't know the name of this genre so that was the first thing came to mind so, this game is really well made, I would buy this retail, its a great work of pixel art, the gameplay is hard and awesome, beautiful soundtrack and amazing graphics, the main menu is also really epic, there is a new mechanic that I'm starting to see in a bunch of games nowdays that is a item the you use to be able to double jump, I could say this works like a action puzzle, there is many difficulty levels to choose wich is nice, yeah great game, I can say it stands for the high price, it probably was a lot of work to make the game.  +awesome graphics +amazing soundtrack +great controls +replay value +pickup and play +runs ok in potatoes  10/10
Nostalgic (-´ω｀-)
Calm down  even u take easiest it so hard to play too
This game is surprisingly well made, the animations are extremely smooth and make good use of AA amongst other techniques. My main gripe with this game is the music and the level design. The music is uh... it just feels like it's there to be there, it adds no true feeling to the game when this game could've easily had some bangers playing during the banging. The levels are the other major issue, they feel very empty and feel like they exist just to exist, with very little memorable detail and landmarks to make each screen feel unique, and to make each level feel natural. The art is passable, at best, and the pixel art is beautifully crafted. Overall I'd rate it an alucard/10
It's a fantasy platformer where enemies will bang you if you get stunned. What more could a gamer want, amirite?  Seriously, this game is WAY more cute and entertaining than it has any right to be. It's hard to explain, but watching SNES-style sprites have sex is just a whole new level of amusement. Not gonna lie, I found myself letting every new enemy stun me just because I wanted to see what their humping animation would be, and every time I was surprised at how well it was animated. Of course, the adult content can be turned off for those that are uncomfortable, buuut that's kind of this game's gimmick, so I don't know what you're playing it for if you don't want to see pixel nookie.  The only major shortcoming is the fact that there's no tutorial, and given how extensive the controls turned out to be I think that's important. I was also pretty clumsy with the controls, but the dev put in a cheat mode that can refill your health at any time, so with that in your back pocket, anyone can get through this game. All in all I had a lot more fun with this game than I expected to, and I think you will too!
tits
It's kinda hard
A bit difficult for me, but what content i did manage to progress to was entertaining. Could maybe use a better save system though.
Im actually really impressed how well done this game is. Yeah its got naked monster girls and other dirty bits, but like it played so smooth...more like this, please
YES! This game is awesome. I recommend the developers to create more games like this one because there are many adult gamers like me that would buy games like Eroico. It's also very humorous and fun to play.
Good button
not bad lol, platformers are always fun and this game is no exception. Pretty straightforward mechanics, nice art, and instead of trying to come up with some ramshackle porn-with-plot story, its kept to a bare minimum (story is in store desc). Thumbs-up!
도트박이 머꼴!!!!
Too much ero but i had good fun when main hero was f*** by some female monsters xD btw Witch wins everything xDDDD
Fun and challenging platformer.  It's a little short on content. And Only a handful of levels. But I died so many times (partially because that's how you get the CGs) it took a couple hours to beat it.
This is a Nice Game I loved everything in it and I loved the Update on the Animated but the one thing that I didn't like but I liked it in the older version that in the Older Version in the Game over pic it was fully appeared I have the older version (Cracked) and in the steam version its have some kind of censored I will let that pass because its on Steam
Its actually a decent platformer
Overall nice for the price point. My largest complaint is the controls. I don't understand why the game has up+attack to shoot when they easily could have put it as another key. Especially on a controller this is confusing, since you have four buttons dedicated to dodging. One of them could have very easily been made for just shooting. Second control complaint is how most of the time when you attack down you do a downward spin attack, and then randomly you also sometimes do a straight plunge down. This makes some of the platforming sections a little irritating since most of the time it's the first, but randomly it's the other and it messes up timing.  Despite those complaints, still fun to play through. Good selection of monster girl types, nice art, scenes were great, and a fun variety of positions and fetish types spread around.
Controls like a dream. Very good sprite quality. Fairly short, feels more of a teaser for future works. Fun times.
A well made game that can stand it on it's own as a well made all be it short experience. Even when the well made H-animation are taken away by player choice.
What a nice little game you got there. When you came to a game like this, you usually only care about the H since most of them got mediocre gameplay at best (rpgmaker, ACT), but this game, not only it has the H you looking for, but also surprisingly good gameplay. 9/10, buy it, it worth the price
Came for the hentai, stayed for the gameplay.
[h1]Review with accompanying video on Sinical Network[/h1] https://www.sinicalanimenetwork.com/single-post/2019/01/13/Eroico-Review  Eroico is a 2D side-scrolling platformer with optional adult NSFW content as a nukige and small amounts of cartoony humor by Kyrieru. It features an unnamed male protagonist going across three different levels consisting of a forest, an Egyptian temple and a Western castle. Along the way, he will encounter and fight his way past 15 different types of monster girls and 3 unique monster girl bosses.  Despite the simple and comical cartoony graphics and gameplay, the game has nice pleasant and stirring background music during appropriate moments in the game, and nice amount of variety in the type of monster girls, environment and artwork. As a platformer, the game also has interesting gameplay where the hero is able to block with his shield and fire a limited number of magic bolts while the boss battles require some familiarity with their different modes of attack and attack patterns.  For players who prefer to play the game without adult NSFW content, it can be disabled upon starting a new game where monster girls won't sexually assault the protagonist or unlock any H CG.  Among the cons, a few parts can be difficult to navigate past and may need to attempt many times which may frustrate very casual players, although cheat codes are available in published community guides and the game's discussion forums to address this difficulty. At the same time, the difficulty in the game can also be less desirable for those looking for hardcore platformers that are very difficult. Also, this game has cute cartoony art yet it doesn't have Steam trading cards or achievements which may reduce the appeal of this game.  For those looking for a platformer or nukige by itself by doing away with one of it, the game can be a bit expensive at largest discount of 30% on Steam store as the game can be completed in less than 5 hours. Eroico is a platformer and adult game that doesn't require any patch in Steam with a few funny moments, artwork and nice background music. As such, I would recommend this game for those who like every aspect of it, or to wait until the game is at a larger discount for those who intend to forgo one part of it.  [h1]Visual novel, JRPG, Anime Steam group - Join the group and consider following the group's curator list for more reviews[/h1]  http://steamcommunity.com/groups/vnislife
Honestly expected more levels then just 3 but no matter. The game was fun, challenging, sexy, and the ending was kinda funny. I hope to see more from this developer!
Hi, my name's Ange, and im going to be reviewing Eroico. Let's get started.  Eroico is a game that should be played with focus and persistence to evade the upcoming dangers with each level of the game. Although short, I classify this as an Arcade game due to its lack of context and world building. However, I love this game, not just for its hot, inducing animation style, but simple mechanics that work like other H-Related games such as Kurovadis (made by same developer) or the LAB series. It's difficulty is rankable to that of a hard game, but not impossibly difficult, infact its bosses and enemies have well telegraphed attacks that are easy to avoid and its a matter of paying atention to your surroundings and spending good use of your shooter and timing your strikes while blocking your enemies. it favors a variety of upgrades and powerups easy to collect. There is also a switchable Adult Content option that voids this as being a completely H-Game for everybody.  Onto the details of this game: The music is great for a simple platforming adventure, it fits with each level in its repective manner. Level design is great, I just wish it had more worldbuilding instead of an arcade funhouse for of thirsy monsters. The sounds.... oh boy, the sound design was genious, this includes our jumping, striking, clashing of our impenetrable shield and the ferociously lewd monsters that milk you dry. Although, we don't seem to get punished the longer we stay under their grasp, big win amirite? a complain about that is most games like this focus on the beauty of the animation, rather than implying the mechanics into it. for example, wouldn't our character get tired from all that and eventually succumb to the monster's luscious activities that encite us? It just doesn't seem to be the case here. The game is difficult though, and it can get annoying when every second you get caught by these lewd creatures lurking around.   Graphics were remarkable for a 16-bit game, I absolutely love the visuals and how hard the developer worked on making this type of fluid animation that other games can't replicate. pixel art has never been better ~ I love the variety of monsters this game has to offer.  Let's talk about the 'story'. (MY INTERPRETATION OF IT.)  For what I can gather, the story begins when our hero had been sent to the forest in order to find the monster queen of whatever happened to the creatures that made them the way they are, from fairies, to plants, dragons, lizards and the catgirls and slimes roaming about. as we progress through the game, more obstacles are thrown our way, trying to stop us in our journey (these were most likely the lizard guards protecting the castle) The queen set its nobel knights to protect each of the segments in the game: The forest, the dunes, and finally, the castle, with each a checkpoint with assumed to be the copy of said queen. With a series of upgrades (which all are optional) the final encounter with the succubus queen [spoiler](false checkpoint)[/spoiler] can begin. Finale spoiler: [spoiler]After defeating the final boss, the monsters now deem you worthy as their king instead, as we sit on the throne, the monsters suddenly approach us, closing in till the game fades black, making it our new life.[/spoiler]  This game is amazing and has potential, I encourage the developer to make another one of these so we can all enjoy how beautifully made a game can be, just with more story and context pls.  69/10 would fap again.
Excelent game! Wish there was more like it, And alot longer..... (things liked packedrat, Changed)
Here's a nice little game to keep you busy... for about an hour. For real, you can finish this game in less than 40 minutes and it doesn't have any replayability.  Despite that the gameplay is solid, the animations are good and the sound is ok. On top of that it even have a demo for you to try so positive points to the developer for that.  Wait for the sales tho because, as I said, the game is absurdly short.
hot 69/69 would fap agin
Quite below average for a “mature” game, but a fun and enjoyable platformer with good level design and a sufficient level of complexity (for the average person, which I am when it comes to platformers). But very short.
my only complaint is that it's a hard game to play with one hand
It's a pretty good platformer. And I'm not saying it because of the adult content. It brings some interesting mechanics like sword dashing or jumping. Other than that the fighting isn't too simple. There are some that dash you from air, another throws an axe like a boomerang, and the other just uses a bandage like a whip. So, unlike many other adult platformers, this one actualy has good gameplay. There is some weird issue with performance though. I suggest starting the game in windowed mode. Fullscreen slowed down my game by a fair bit... I guess you could use that issue to have some easier gameplay... or longer scenes.  The game has no story at all. From what I managed to see I guess you are some random young adventurer in a world of monster girls who all want to skip first date and get straight to the point.  It is very short, as it has three long stages. It took me roughly one hour to finish it on easy. I don't really feel like replaying it but it was an enjoyable experience nonetheless (again, not just because of the adult stuff). Also, out of all adult games I've seen on Steam, I can easily recommend this one, because you have either this, or another visual novel or some generic game from 90's but with naked girl in the background. However, due to how short it is and overall pixel art, which doesn't allow for too much detail, I'd suggest buying it on sale. I paid about $5 and imo it's a very fair price.
This is a new type of game, with interesting platforming, beautiful art, and is SUPER addicting. I reccomend this game to all gamers.
---{Graphics}--- ☐ You forget what reality is ☐ Beautiful ☑ Good* ☑ Decent* ☑ Bad* ☐ Don‘t look too long at it ☐ Paint.exe  *Depends if you like pixel art or not.  ---{Animation}--- ☐ Might as well be living it ☐ Masterpeice ☑Excellent ☐ Good ☐ Decent ☐ Bad ☐ Avoid at all cost ☐ Microsoft PowerPoint  ---{Gameplay}--- ☐ Very good ☐ Good ☑ It‘s just gameplay* ☐ Mehh ☐ Starring at walls is better ☐ Just don‘t  *It is kinda addicive though, serouisly I wasn't expecting to clock in 9 hours so far.  ---{Audio}--- ☐ Eargasm ☐ Very good ☐ Good ☑ Isn't great, but isn't anywhere near bad. ☐ Not too bad ☐ Bad ☐ Earrape  ---{Audience}--- ☐ Kids ☐ Teens ☑ Adults (18+) ☐ Everyone  ---{PC Requirements}--- ☐ Check if you can run paint ☑ Potato ☐ Decent ☐ Fast ☐ Rich boiiiiii ☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer  ---{Difficulity}--- ☐ Just press ‚A‘ ☐ Easy ☐ Requires cognition ☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☐ Difficult ☐ Dark Souls  ---{Grind}--- ☐ Nothing to grind ☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks ☐ Isnt necessary to progress ☐ Average grind level ☐ Too much grind ☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding ☑ Content grinding (such as OG's)  ---{Story}--- ☑  Story? ☐ Text or Audio floating around ☐ Average ☐ Good ☐ Lovley ☐ It‘ll replace your life  ---{Game Time}--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee ☑ Short ☐ Average ☐ Long ☑ To infinity and beyond (I won't stop you, or appenently myself.)  ---{Price}--- ☐ It’s free! ☐ Worth the price ☑ See if it is on sale ☐ If u have some spare money left ☐ Not recommended ☐ You could also just burn your money  ---{Bugs}--- ☐ Not that I have found ☐ Very few, but fun, and not game breaking in any way. ☑ Minor bugs* ☐ Can get annoying ☐ ARK: Survival Evolved ☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs  *Not all of the bugs are bad, such as the infinite slide is pretty fun lol, but others such as having to set the controls everytime I start up the game can get a bit annoying, but nothing major.  **  To expand: You know why you bought this, and it delivers. There is no help whatsoever so you will be lost a decent bit when you first play, would recomend the "easiest" mode. There isn't a story, but it seems like the devs wanted to add one but never got arround to it. I'd say just imagine your own, but the game isn't really dependent on story. Overall 10/10 nice "content". Made me satisfied IRL too.  So uhh Dev....... where are dem emotes at lol. (I know we won't get them due to technical reasons, but still :P)  **I have updated my checkboxes because I realised after paying a few other games similar to this, I had undercredited it.
Awewsome game for fapping and its a fun game to play as well. Please make more games
Wonderful amazing game both as an adult game and just to play as its own little thing. Very short short though.
What seema to be a short and completely story free, but quite competent platformer, is a monster harem collectathon. Every female nude enemy can assault you with attacks until you get stunned, and then they assault you with sex. And that's it. Upgrades of your weapons make your swings and shots straight up better. And there are no max lives and also very frequent checkpoint. I still lost interest within an hour. The animation is very good, though.  Follow my curator at https://store.steampowered.com/curator/28337205-Fair-Minded-Witness/
Hey, there's real gameplay here! I thought H-games were supposed to be like shoddy flash games with "stuff" as the only appeal. Solid controls, actual thought put into the gameplay mechanics, high, but adjustable difficulty.  Short but satisying, took me about 2 hours to beat on "Easy" difficulty, but I had another 2 hours in the demo that don't show in my playtime, where I spent a lot of time learning the basics, ejoying the animations *wink wink* and seeing how challenging this game is on just "Normal" difficulty.  I saw another review saying it's too difficult to escape once down. Just roll the stick on your controller and it isn't that hard. If you're on keyboard, it isn't as effective, but spamming left/right <- / -> movement works fairly well.  There is a manual, but it's buried in the game's folder, here's a copy of it's contents, very helpful, too bad it isn't accessable in game:  Difficulty settings--------------  Easier difficulties contain slightly modified platforming sections, with extra platforms to make them easier.  On easy mode, checkpoint are created at every screen, whereas on normal mode onwards, checkpoints are farther apart.  For casual play, Easy mode is recommended.   Controls-------------------------  X - Jump C - Attack Space - Backdash Enter - Pause/Start Down - Block Up - Spell State Left/Right - Move  Attacks-------------------------  Spell - Up + Attack Thrust - Down,Right, Attack Spin - Down + Attack (In the air) Plunge - Down, Down (In the air)  Cheat mode ---------------------  Pressing F1 will toggle cheat mode. Pressing 1 in this state will refill your health and MP. Pressing 2 in this state will restart the current screen.
I came into this game expecting erotica, and I found that in spades, though there are problems with that, each enemy only has one scene, even the bosses, if you die to them you get a unique screen, but it's a static image of just the enemy. The concepts introduced are hot, but not really expanded upon in interesting ways. In short there's better stuff out there that can provide more in that department.  However, I actually stuck around for a very good platformer. Good level design, which only a select few flaws at a couple points. I actually got into this just legitimately playing it as a game, and have been spending hours since I got it just playing through the levels, trying to see how far I can get. I might even consider streaming this (erotic content off, of course) just as a game alone, as it seems to be nice material for that. The sprites are beautifully drawn, and nicely animated, and the controls are tight, Simple, but effective.  TL;DR It's a mediocre porn game, but a fantastic platformer that even got me interested in the genre.
It's cute and has a solid base to it, but really does not have enough content to justify the price.   The combat and platforming mechanics are well done. The game has a great sense of difficulty, save for the first boss which is spastic attack spam in its second phase. The music is fine, the art is alright but pretty much all the effort was put into the sprites. The environments themselves are extremely primitive, budget pixel settings.  But the game lacks any form of narrative or story, and takes less then two hours to complete. And even that length is largely caused by the difficulty and low amount of checkpoints.   Mostly just paying for a couple erotic animations and the framework of a game. No story, no length, copy paste environments. It could easily pass as a free game. But instead it's being sold for almost the price of a fully fledged normal one. So it is good, but not worth its full price at all.
this is bloody HILARIOUS , a great little bit of fun , i dont think i've try'd to die on purpose in any game untill now .
I want to play Noaika v1.0 on Steam , plz.
The Dark Souls of erotic games.   But for real, I've been wanting to play this game for a long time, and hearing that it was on Steam was like a gift from god.
Looking through the screenshots I wasnt sure why this game was marked adults only. I decided to purchase it and find out.  It didnt take me long to figure out why. My first encounter with a cute cat girl that managed to knock me over... then take advantage of my situation. While trying to figure out the correct response to the situation, she managed to make me finish... twice.   My only disappointment is that there is no story or achievements.  Other than that Eroico is a solid platformer with interesting monsters.
Even with the “mature” stuff turned off, this is a well made little platforner that reminds me of SNES or Sega Saturn era sprite based games. The controls are good, the art is polished, and music is even pretty decent. Maybe wait for a sale? It seems slightly pricey for how short it is.
If you are a fan of platformer games and/or you are up for ecchi adult content this game is a solid choice. Even though it is pixel, it is fairly “detailed” considering, but the actions themselves are pretty tame.  GAMEPLAY    With a solid foundation as a platformer, easy to learn and consistent controls that make it an enjoyable experience. The difficulty of the game also scales well with not only the difficulty selection, but through the progression of the game, making you think on how to deal with multiple and different enemies at the same time, all while maneuvering around hazards (spikes, moving or small platforms, etc.)    It was always a joy to progress further through the game, with the fair amount of challenge, when you finally overcome that difficult section and making it to that checkpoint was satisfying. I had also looked forward to encountering each new enemy to see what they bring to the table. Admittedly letting them win to check out that great animation ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).    As you progress, if you end up to struggling with a particular enemy, from the gallery menu, you can roam around and engage against monsters to learn how they operate (infinite or limited hp) so long as you have seen them, or to further check out that great animation ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).    Sadly, the game is pretty short, I wish there were more levels and of course more enemies. I would definitely like to see DLC (if at all possible), or a “sequel.” But for the price, the content is fair.    There is no actual narrative, other than the description of the game, a “you gotta get to the end, kill all those, ***k all those, if you die, enjoy the previous,” but I personally like it that way for a game like this.  ART    To put it plain and straight forward, this is some of the best pixel art I have seen in a game, well drawn, cute, and extremely well animated with a surprising amount of detail. The environmental art is greaty as well, it is not so over detailed that it is distracting from the “experience,” but does provide a sense of theme to each area, with some depth in the background and the occasional animation.    The CGs on the other hand are pretty good and they do fulfill their functionality, that when you die, you at least get to enjoy it. I do wish more of them aligned with the pixel animations (to get greater detail into what is happening in what I am calling “pixel mode”), as a side note, would like to see some animated CGs as well, but that is me being picky.  AUDIO    I am happy with the sound effects as they are fitting for the style of game it is, and haven’t noticed anything out of place, even the “fun” sounds are solid (unlike most other ecchi games that are annoying), and are actually well detailed and aligned to what is happening on screen (just get to the 3rd area, 1st enemy type you see to hear what I mean)    The music is very well done, and fits the theme of each area rather well. The music after extended periods also does not get annoying either.  I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes “extra” in their platformers, giving it a 13 out of 15 monster girls. The only major things holding it back is the length of the game and some of the CG art detailing.
Very short kinda hard platform game... But i liked it, Good job !!!
Although I already anticipate all the sexual content, but I'm certainly not expect the difficulty of this game. The levels design remind of the of retro plafform in my childhood time, it fun and I realize how much I suck at it ;P. Manage to beat on normal difficulty, it certainly worth it and I recommend playing easy first as I got trash and lost ton of time just beat on normal lol.
Nice hentai theme but also solid plataforming.  If you want you can turn off the adult content.
neat game but would be nice to be able to use the shield ur character clearly has  edit:nvm lol
엄마 미안해
Monster girls.
[u][h1]Gameplay:[/h1][/u] Surprisingly hard difficulty(Hard, normal, easy, easiest) even on normal mode and from what I can see, a somewhat enjoyable action platformer. There is no real tutorial but It didn't take me too long to figure out the controls and mechanics of the game. Completed the game after about 2 hours (full sitting). It had its frustrating moments that could very easily be avoided by pressing the left-bumper (xbox-controller) or H (Keyboard), which puts your character into a down state and makes you immune against all attacks. (Which is super helpful in boss fights If u want to cheese it). The tug-of-war-meter element when an enemy grabs you is a traditional yet enjoyable mechanic. With all this said it's okay gameplay-wise.  [u][h1]NSFW Content:[/h1][/u] [i]Let's be honest here, you came for the T.I.T.S and C.L.I.T.S, so let's go begin.[/i] Okay, so the animations are of good quality with synced sounds matching the occasion. There is usually only one animation per incounter, with a nice gameover screen depending on who you encounter. At the end of the game (I think), you can access a live-action-type gallery where you have to walk and enounter the enemies you want to encounter. (except for the game end screens, which is a different category of its own).  Overall I think this is a neat little game. I give a rating of 7,5/10
this game is fun and all (coz of some "action" in it), but its hard for new players to this type of game, "souls like" game? no its not, all what u have to do is have fun and dont speedrun that much.
surprisingly smooth gameplay, good looking pixels, and nice lewd content. I personally love monster girls, so that gives this game a plus extra for me; however, the game is enjoyable without any of the 18+ content, which is a surprise for me. Most games forgo good gameplay or music in place of erotic content; Eroico does not. There's no real story; however that does not stop it from being a good game. i would give it  a solid  65% , with the scale being:   0%- Should not exist and whomever made it has brought shame to gaming 50%- average, a good time waster if priced well 100%- an absolute masterpiece in almost every way, whomever made such a product has knowledge and power beyond human understanding.
Extremely funny to play although the graphics and controls are old school so expect a Wonderboy gameplay through
This is what people call     H  I  G  H   Q U A L I T Y   G A M I N G
this game teaches you to give up and damn i'm good at this
probably the best hentai game on steam out as of 23/11 (yes, Europoor way dd/mm)
i bought this for the plot
How the fuck can i hide this from my recent activity?   now onto the real review after taking my sweet time to play the game This game is a 2D hentai game, now hear me out you can disable the adult content when you are starting a new game but why would you do that? i mean why would you go and read this review unless you are looking into ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) you know what i mean and you know what you came here for.  The waifu's: there are 15 monster girls who are here to hunt your Dick every time you play and oh boy they are good material, the animation is really good and you can actually fap to it if you want.  The game: its a very short one with 3 stages but that doesn't mean its bad because you came here for ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)  right?, anyway the problem is there was no tutorial so you have to figure it out yourself, but you can find the controls in settings/options and look into it.  The cgs: its standard.  the price? i cant say much because i bought the game for THAT and i'm happy on what i spent although if you see its a bit pricey just wait for a sale atleast this game wont go anywhere  i had a hard time playing at first but i got used to it quickly even if i get stunned just to get the action my answer to the monster girls is "DAGA KOTOWARU!" as i really wanted to finish the game during my play through and after that i just check what they would do if you get stunned and what can i say i like it.
This is quite easily one of the better platformers I've played in a while. The handling was tight, it had defensive options (a shield), the long range option is bound to an energy you have to spend, and the combat is simple and sleek.  If you're worried about playing it due to the adult content, don't, you can turn it off in the options. Overall? This game needs to be a fully fleshed out thing, and the devs behind it are incredib;y talented.
I'm a man and i can handle this.... kind of love!
it's alright it resests controls back to where its the normal keys and thats anyoing as hell want to buy it for a friend now but cant figure out how to that friend is older than me by a two years
Eroico is a 16bit platformer made by solo developer Kyrieru where you play as...okay, the player character doesn't have a name. But he's got a sword and he's off to...err, okay, it's not actually stated why he's doing what he's doing. Actually, there's not really a narrative at all. All you ever learn is that you're a guy with a sword, now go kill stuff. Not the most spectacular story ever, but what do you expect? It's a porn game. History has shown that porn and plot mix about as well as baking soda and vinegar, with roughly the same amount of sticky white goo to clean up afterward. There is a slight twist with the identity of the final boss, but identity is a strong word as an identity would imply a character, which there are none of in this game.  What is in this game are about a dozen or so different monster girls that all want you dead by snu-snu, which is Eroico's main draw. As the only Peg A in a world of Slot Bs if you catch my drift, your goal is to fight your way through hordes of monster girls. By fight, I of course mean let yourself get stunned by the first new type of enemy you come across, let her have her way with you, button-mash out of stun, and get back to playing normally because the conflict Kyrieru didn't bother writing won't resolve itself! You this about twelve times throughout the game (fifteen if you do so for bosses) and that's all she wrote. With each new monster encountered, you recieve a hentai illustration of said monster as well as a couple of them to keep in your zoo that turns the game into an odd Pokemon-esque affair where you gotta boink 'em all.  Honestly, the porn parts of this porn game are serviceable enough, but I found myself surprisingly intrigued by the game parts. Eroico is actually a surprisingly polished 2D platformer under all the used tissues and empty lotion bottles. The player character's jump is responsive if not a bit floaty, and it feels good to destroy enemies either by slashing them to bits up close or magic-blasting them from a distance. Throw in weapon and health upgrades, add the occasional branching path that leads to a jumping puzzle, and I finished the game wanting a more refined version of the gameplay! And with only three levels to Eroico, more in general!  Most porn games don't bother with putting any amount of challenge between player and jiggly bits, and the ones that do are hardly challenging at all, but Eroico makes you work for your jollies and damn if I don't respect the game for it! It doesn't give you the good stuff until you put on your big boy pants! Sure, the mummy lady's going to just rip them back off, but you still have to put in that initial effort!
The controls are snappy and responsive, although playing with keyboard is kinda clumsy. Not to mention, the game doesn't explain your moves at all and you have to just click buttons "til you figure shit out. The pixel-art is ridiculously good, particularly whenever your main character lets loose an absolute fuckin' mountain of cum. Jesus Christ, I feel like I'm getting pregnant just watching it. The non-pixel art is pretty good too, but I still prefer the pixel stuff. I got a block kink, y'know? The music starts off pretty nice, but then by the end of the game is fuckin' amazing. The plot is non-existent though, you just kinda have to figure it out for yourself. The boss fights are wildly inconsistent. The first one is ridiculously aggressive and difficult, especially with the fact that you only restart with half a heart container by that point in the game. The second and third ones are much more manageable and enjoyable. Overall, I give it a Good Titty/10.
Be warned you need to be careful playing this game, it was pretty difficult even on easy. Other than that the animations are very well done.
A surprisingly decent platformer with a surprising amount of smut.
When is the seqaul coming out?
Honestly an amusing game and who doesnt enjoy some ole monster girls
Glad to see this on steam, now i can support you from a platform im more familiar and secure with (the japanese sites werent always the safest)  i hope more developers in your field start to have the confidence to release their games on steam. 
A pretty decent platformer with only a few gripes.  It was clearly made to exploit the sex angle.  This waa also clearly some sort of passion project.  The controls were actually really good with only a few times the controls didn't respond.  The sex can actually be avoided surprisingly enough.  There is a "remove adult content mode".  It makes the game more generic in comparison to other platformers like Goblin Sword.  I normally play with adult content on because I am clearly old enough to handle it.  Overall this game is a passable but fun challenge.
DISCLAIMER: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU ARE THE RESPECTABLE AGE OF 18 OR OVER AND PREFFERABLY *bad spelling?* AWAY FROM PRYING EYES!  Eroico is a adult pixel platformer game where the aim is to clear each level all the way to the final *No big surprise there*. Jokes asides this actually runs and works really well for what it is, your controls are rather simle, attack and jump, but what it doesn't really tell you is there are other moves you have, for example holding down on the movement puts you in a guard state, blocking damage and knockdown from in front of you, holding up on the movement and attack will fire a magic bolt from your sword but has limited use because of magic power, and jumping and holding down and attack will allow you to attack under you and bounce off the enemy. Along each stage is a podium where should you have enouth spirit shards *i assume they are called such a thing* and stand on them you can power yourself up with more attack and defence. Also hidden around the stage are parts to a heart, collecting a number of them will increase your max health.  The entirety of the enemys are monster girls and they will do everything to "take you down", should they knock you down you have to mash the movement to get back up before the enemy gets to you and "have their way with you", where as you have to mash movement again to break free. Each monster girl has a "unique" way towards the player when they are knocked down and should you lose all your health and the enemy reaches you, you'll have a unique game over screen.  There are multiple difficulty settings so should you find the regular difficulty settings to rough you can tone it down, what i mean is Normal and higher have limited checkpoints throughout the game, where as Easy and lower will give you a checkpoint after each screen clear.  Should you clear the game *or not* and want to check out the CGs and enemys of who you encountered again there is a Gallery mode, one for viewing the CGs and another where it will put you in a room where you have the luxury of wandering around and seeing each enemy again, should you require.  My only gripe is there is only 3 stages in the game, but the pixel art and the CGs make up for it. All in all, its one thing to beat the game, but its another to be beaten by the game.
A really fun lewd game. $8 is a bit pricey for a game you can beat in literally an hour, but I would love to see more like this so still found it worth the purchase.
This game is awesome if there were more like it my library would be overflowing.
I played this outside of Steam for quite a while, have beat it even with its old difficulty which was quite rough.  You know exatly what you're buying, and you get exactly what you pay for.  Minus the adult stuff the game is exceptionally good for a platformer, the monster girls just make it that much better.  10/10 Bought a second time to help support.
fantastic controls, cute sprite art, good smut, really liked it! only complain is not knowing what upgrade i got or how it worked (figured it out eventually) short and very sweet! would recomend!
Welp, I've got to admit that the game was surprisingly good and fun ;D As many other people mentioned it's a great pixel platformer on its own, regardless of having optional 'mature content'.  Pros: ● Solid gameplay and level design ● Simple, yet fun mechanics ● Amazing pixelarts ● Good soundtrack ● The 'Adult Content' humor ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)  Cons: ● Really short [spoiler] only 3 stages [/spoiler] ● Main menu is a mess ● Controls restarting to default every time you launch the game ● No achievements ● A bunch of other bugs  I think Eroico is totally worth giving a try.  You'll have some great time playing it whether you're after the sexual content or not.
11/10 the only game i enjoy dying in
It's a solid pixel platformer at a really good price.
It turned out to be harder than I thought as I haven´t played platformers in a while. Good thing there is "Easiest difficulty", I intend to move up as I get used to it.  The game lacks any form of tutorial, so there is some guess work. I got abilities and didn´t know how to execute them at first, this sort of thing. Its controller compatible.  With that said, the animations and monster girls are all very cool and well made. There are CG for each monster girl, a few CGs are a bit below par compared to the rest such as the cat girl (I loved the pixel art/animation however!) and others which I wont spoil do have superior CGs, but still very nice addition none the less as they provide context to the pixel you are looking at, the pixel animations are fantastic I cannot stress this enough. I was left with a feeling of wanting more content rather than gate it by difficulty, as I kinda breezed it in 2+ hours. I am sure it would have taken me A LOT longer had I gone normal setting from the get go, but I am in this for the fun and I had a lot of it.  I will certainly be looking for additional games from Kyrieru in the future.
The game is absolutely amazing! Handles well, and allows you to bind whatever keys you want however you want. Well designed levels, smooth animations. Sexuall or otherwise. Gameplay is fun and slightly challenging. This is literally my first review. Been playing for about 45 minutes now. I stopped for the express reason of writing a review, and plan to continue to play for several more hours after I'm done. I really wish there were more games like this.
While I won't flatout say it's not worth buying, it's definitely not worth eight dollars as it is. You get damaged if your enemy doesn't get pushed back out of you after you successfully block, negating the purpose of having a block. There is no tutorial, which is fine for me, but not everyone. It has great mechanics, like directing your player on a shiny block. Now the part some of you are here for. No, I wouldn't say it's all worth it for the porn since it's free on the internet, and it's all sexual assault in this game. You CAN turn off adult content, which I PRAISE the developers for. All in all, buy it on sale. Something like 33% off. As I said, solid mechanics held back by short playtime, a few bugs, and the main attraction making normal people uncomfortable.
I think the only thing i need to say about this game is that its "fu*king" awesome ;D
Its a good game but i can't get past this damn catgirl.....
The first level is pretty heccking hard but the attacks of all the characters are cool just wish there were checkpoints before ya met newer characters.
Full Review: http://wamsoon.com/index.php/2018/10/21/tri-hit-review-bnb-story-of-eve-and-eroico-18/  That Genie looks a bit familiar...
Short but Sweet  Fun game, great artwork even fun when you get stunded, or click the shoulder button to have fun with the monster girls.  The only bad thing is click the button to stun yourself make you invincible, and becomes the main way to deal with attacks from bosses.
Is it hentai? It most certainly is. Is it Hard? Well, I played it on the hardest difficulty, and it sure was difficult at first. During the game I never really tried to die, but it certainly ended up happening many times. Though, because of the animations, dieing never really felt like that bad of a thing. I am thankful you can button mash out of the knock down animations though. Furthermore, Some of the platforming offered a bit of a challenge. Spikes, Spikes for days. But...   *SPOILER ALERT*     *SPOILED INCOMING* Using the "auto fall down" is beyond broken. You can literally land on spikes, damage sources, anything, and you are fine as long as you chose to fall down with the button. It even gives you some invincibility frames when you get back up so you can literally walk through spikes, fall down, repeat, continue. Now, I don't know if this should really be changed. For one, it lets you get past parts you may otherwise consider too much of a hassle. On the other hand, occasionally enemies will push up too far on you while your shielding (til they are almost literally inside of you). The moment you drop your shield to attack, you end up touching their hitbox and take damage. Choosing to "auto fall" instead, will get you out of that situation though without taking any damage. *SPOILER ENDING*   *SPOILER ENDED*    Aside from that. The combat felt pretty satifying. The bosses were fairly balanced and the block, dodge, jump, and attack were all very reactive. I enjoyed the game for certain, and the gallery was a nice touch. Though a little difficult to manage with one hand. For science of course...
(death 1 cat) fuck I hope this isn't a trendsetter. (death 28 slime) finally something other than a God damn cat killed me. . surprisingly difficult for "off-brand anime" game cough. worth to buy for the game play alone. . and the extras is just the icing on the cake.
Short game, but pretty fun. The controls can be a little whack regardless of controller/keyboard choice, but you get used to it and it isn't so hard a game that messing up slightly is game over.   Some of the enemies can be annoying to deal with, but that is to be expected in a platformer. Enemies are enemies for a reason, and so feeling antagonized is part of the game.   Other than controls being a little jank, I only have one real complaint; Why can't I bang ghost Waifu? This question will haunt me for the rest of my days.
It has potential just not worth about $8. just no checkpoints, saving, and to little heath to continue and need abit better controls. It is interesting and would like it to be farther and i know it new and i know i wouldnt be able to do all that work. but it is a good game all an all, just might rebuy when its been though a bit more update.
I'll start off by saying that yes, the game is somewhat short. It would be nice if later on in the future, way later on as I imagine quite a bit of time goes into this, an extra level or two may get added. However, it still is a fun game that has fluid animations, good pixel art, some difficulty, and of course it has monster girls. All in all, it's a good game that's good for playing in your downtime (or for rubbing one out if that's your thing).
Eroico looks very simple, it also has a simple game mechanic with the controller, yet Eroico is an up-to-the-minute game! and you have 4 difficulty levels (very easy, easy, normal, hard)  Posetiv: - simple yet outrageous opponents - some up-front jumps - even if you lost time with your opponent you will still be rewarded ^ - ^   negative - with 3 levels a little bit too short   for experienced platformers, the game will only fall on the normal to hard mode. for those of you who do not have much experience, it should be easy enough, as the "Trashmops" are already demanding and you have to start again in normal mode in case of a defeat at the beginning!  All in all, Eroico is a nice game for between
Solid platformer and a short and sweet set of levels, with H content only adds to if you care for it
So I picked this game up on a lark when Steam presented it to me.  When I came into see what it was about I was thinking it was just a basic Action Platformer, but I noticed tags of adult content in the field.  All around, this game doesn't dissapoint no matter what.  TLDR: Yes, buy the game.  Even if you don't care for the H content, you can simply turn that off and the gameplay itself is solid enough on its own.  The art is very well done and smooth.  The animations (yes this includes the H ones) are all fitting and pleasant to see.  There are a lot of nice attention to detail bits that could be missed, but their presence alone only adds to the overall feel of the animations.  The splash screens are all nicely drawn, but I might be a bit biased when it comes to the style.  And despite the look of the sprites, they are rather detailed and fitting to the overall theme of not just the game but the backgarounds as well.  On the topic of the art, if you aren't into the H side of the game, it's simple enough to ignore that part of the game.  There is an option when you start a new game asking if you want to leave the Adult content on or turn it off.  The gameplay is solid from what I can see.  With controls being responsive and tight to the point that I never look at my controller wondering if there was something wrong with it.  I hit a button, an action happens.  It is that simple.  I'm not sure how much replayability there is to it, but given how short it is, I'd say it's a game that I'd come back to just to replay levels for the heck of it because the gameplay is so well done.  Now that I've finished blowing my load (pun intended) on how good the game is, I do have to bring up the negative sides of it as well.  The options menu leaves much to be desired in regards to what I have at my disposal.  Controller on or off, a keyboard binding screen that seems unfinished, navagation that is confusing at times with not mouse support, and no ability to adjust resolutions.  At least there is a Fullscreen on/off function and the game doesn't try to adapt my native settings to its.  The biggest gripe though is a lack of a move list/key function screen.  I've seen some interesting moves that are available to you as part of your kit, but I have no idea on how to utilize them reliably as I don't know what the key/button presses are to even execute them.  I've yet to find an option or screen that gives that info and I don't even know where to start looking for a guide on that sort of thing for a game like this.  So I'm even more limited in my kit due simply to the fact that I have no idea on how to access the tools I have.  Either way, even with these issues, the game is still worth getting in my book.  It's gems like this that leave me pleasantly surprised of what is possible in this genre and I look forward to more of it, especially from this creator if they are making any other projects.  (This is the first I'm hearing of them so I'm not sure if they have any others in the works.)
in a world of microtransactions and loot boxes theres still hope and its indi and porn.
Phenomenal game. I bought this on DLsite years ago, and gladly bought it again here. The gameplay itself is very challenging, but fair. Lot's of hidden powerups to boost your character if you spend the time to actually rise to the challenge, and the H-stuff is kinda like icng on the cake with nice fluid animations.  Highly recommended. Looking forward to more content from Kyrieru.
I apologize for owning this game without paying, now I can finally right my wrongs. I love this game and I believe I had played before it got a hd revision, or something of the sort. Great platformer and not too long, the controls are so perfect. 10/10 game!
Regarding my low play-time, please know that I previously purchased this title from DLSite and played it (on a low difficulty, granted) all the way to the end.  The fact that I purchased it again just to write this review and aid in the release figures may be taken as an indication of my feelings.  In short, Eroico is a delightful little game.  Put rather longer, Eroico is a smooth action-platformer with a nice, SNES/GBA-style aesthetic, cute character sprites, remarkably deep mechanics for how simple the controls appear, persistent upgrades in resilience and offensive parameters for only the skilled explorer, downright [i]savage[/i] difficulty* if you're a scrub like myself and, yes, quite a bit of that taboo what Mary Koss would tell you is not to be counted on surveys of colligiate assaults.  *I haven't assessed the respective difficulty levels of the Steam release, but there seem to be more than before; things may be more accessible than I encountered on the Easiest setting.  Since you're probably here chiefly with that last point in mind, I will expound further:  While I am seldom a fan of the forced-penetration genre, it should be noted that the quality of the scenarios, in terms of both the various acts and monstresses thirsting for our hapless hero's [i]masculine secretions,[/i] did win me over in short order.  These include animations in the pixelated style of the gameplay, which occur whenever you're knocked down from taking too much damage, if you allow it as well as before each Game Over screen (unless no such lusty Lillitu can reach the position of your fall, of course).  These animations appear to have been refurbished after the DLSite release, another of recent polish to appreciate.  For each enemy, there is both an animation and a particular Game Over screen, the latter manifest in a more hand-drawn style reminiscient of pulp products from the Far East.  These splash screens can give a bit more context to an encounter and endear one's perception of one's ravisher towards a sometimes cute or even tender direction, another factor that soothed my usual apprehensions.  The splash screens may later be viewed in a gallery at one's leisure and each level has a petting zoo-esque shadow where the respective bakemono-daughters may be fought (and copulated) with in an expeditious manner.  On the subject of the levels, I suppose I might be remiss in mentioning that there are only three of them.  Each is quite lengthy and can take quite a large amount of time to master, but they number only three, all the same.  By my reckoning, the amount and quality of content to be found is still worthy of the low price of admission, I hasten to add.  Take it from someone who is no stranger to cheaply-made companionship simulators:  Eroico ranks on my list very highly indeed.  It is an experience worth consideration.
i want to see the animation but at the same time i dont want to start the level over again
Not a big fan of monsters girls, so I'm not really the targeted audience in this regard.  The action platforming is decent-ish, but I feel the difficulty is made in a bit of a cheap way: by throwing excessive amount of enemies, especially with ranged attacks, against you at once.  I'm still giving it a thumbs up because the game is well made and by a great developer (who has some other great projects that I hope to see on Steam someday); but I'd only truly recommend it for those that have a thing for monster girls.
is pretty good, had fun playing with a friend
Very fun and cute little game with great spritework. Controls are tight, and it's challenging without being frustrating. Not very long, but for 8 bucks it's worth the money, especially if you wanna bang some monster girls.  Only con is you can't have sex with the ghost girl.
this is a pretty good game coulda been longer with more enemies to F#ck but 10 outa 10 more games like this steam
A lewd platformer, I love the 2D animation well done this is art.
The game isn't the only thing that's hard ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Short and sweet. The gameplay is a decent 2d platformer with power ups and health/heart fragemnts to increase your hitpoints. The level design is a mixed bag with some interesting challenges and other times when you have no where to land but on an enemy with will kill you. The game can be frusterating at times so I reccomend one of the easier difficulties. A good hour or 2 of fun with some degree of replayability.
The important bits:  Yes it's uncensored. Gameplay honestly isn't bad for what it REALLY is though. For the price it wasn't a bad idea to pick up just for the novelty, but if you're in it for the porn, go for it.
yaes
Harder than you would expect for one of these types of games. It isn't the unfair kind of hard. Just really solid platforming and timing. PLUS you get to mess around with monster ladies.Game is over in less than ah hour. You can cheese it on any setting if you want to. NOTE you dont have to die to the enemy to get the sex scene. just play your best. You can go back and check the gallery for what you really want after you win the day.
I first played this game many years ago and, while it's very short and has little replayability, I come back to it once in a while and it's always a very pleasant experience.  The game was made by a single developer, Kyrieru, who is a perfectionist, and it shows. The design, quality and polish are all outstanding. The controls are good, the pixel art and animations are excellent, the music is great and a lot of thought went into the level design.  While the basic controls might seem simplistic, there are a few "special" moves that you can perform. Holding Down and pressing Attack while in the air in particular will make you do a spin attack that lets you bounce off of monster girls' heads and makes some platforming sections much easier.  I personally like playing on Hard, but there are four different difficulty levels and even the platforming will be easier at lower difficulty; the lower the difficulty, the more blocks there are to jump on and the more spikes are replaced by blocks and such.  I already owned the game (twice, in fact), but I feel like this sort of talent and dedication deserves encouragement. While I'm typically wary of early access, I already pre-ordered Kyrieru's next big game (for multiple times its selling price) and I'm feeling good about it.  tl;dr Eroico is a very short but very cute and extremely well-made game. For this price, you can certainly get a lot more content elsewhere... but you'll rarely see this level of quality anywhere.
I've barely played it for 20 minutes, yet I feel that as a platformer alone, despite having a generic objective and style, is pleasantly challenging.  The adult content itself (optional, by the way), is also quite a nice touch although as far as a game mechanics go, it brings nothing new to the table.  Solid artwork, smooth animation, and the combat requires skill (at this point I haven't even gotten near the end of level one).  My only caveat is a issue with the sound, it works 95% of the time, but it seems to stretch out at some points (on digital media, stretched out sound is pretty disruptive).
be warned this isn't easy at all, trust me... but this is a fun and enjoyable platformer, and the adult content can be toggled off, so if you just want a nice platformer then here you go. also if your into mosnter girls, males being submissive then this if the h-game for you
TL;DR - The game is a great 2d pixel platformer.  Even without the adult content, it's still a solid game with good mechanics and challenging enemies and levels.   I've had Eroico for a few years now, got it from one of the sites that the developer was using to sell it, and now it's on Steam.  Best of all, the develpor saught to refurbish the game, give it a brand new coat of paint, as it were, before uploading it to Steam.  It still plays smoothly, and the sounds and asethetics have been worked on to give just a bit more than there already was. The gameplay is great.  Megaman-like controls and physics, and a system that rewards you for taking down enemies and figuring out how to get those precious heart pieces.  As you progress through the game, the enemies change and so does their attack methods, constantly keeping the game fresh and challenging.  Best of all, the bosses are actually tough, and it will take almost everyone at least several attempts to even beat the first boss.  But keep at it, learn the attacks, and get your timings right, and you can achieve victory - I assure you. The adult content, which may be the factor that reals in the most people, is also spot-on.  The game makes it so where if you get hit, there's a chance you will get "knocked down", "disoriented", or "incapacitated" to name a few ways people have worded it.  And when this happens, the nearby enemies, which are monster girls, will move towards you in an attempt to... "assault" you.  The sound affects are good, and the animation is on-point with these scenes, often driving players to either give up more easily because they know what they're about to get, or even make it so they want to "lose".  A game over screen at the hands of one of these girls will also grant the player a snapshot at a sexy CG image depicting them with the girl they lost to.  Lovely~  All in all, this is a prime example of a top-tier adult game.  It's pretty simple, but oh-so very effective at what it does, and I would reccomend this game to anyone, including my parents, which, coincidentally, I actually ended up doing at one point.  That was an interesting discussion.  If you love monster girls, this game is for you. If you love 2d platformers, this game is for you. If you love challenging gameplay, this game is for you. If you love all of the above and some sexy stuff as the icing to this very delicious game, this game is all for you.
-DISCLAIMER- First and foremost, I'd like to apologize to Kyrieru. I've played this game before, hence my instantaneous purchase. I, back then, didn't have the means to purchase things on the net quite as easily as I do now. I'll probably buy it for a friend or two, but it won't be because of me that he's managed to survive the unironic dying artist trope. Sorry. ___ Is there a game at all? ___ There is a filter that removes H scenes altogether from the game, should you need to deny the true motive of your purchase. The game in itself plays well, although the controls are somewhat floaty. I've seen worse when it comes to indie platformers that didn't have eroticism as an objective, but it's not exactly the reason I'd buy the game. There's secrets spread around and thoughtful game mechanics rather than it being a chore as a whole, but you know what you're buying the game for. Play on normal/easy, there's no point in dying in 4 hits and getting stuck on the first level. There's a Gallery mode in case you really can't be bothered with any gameplay. ___ Fappable? ___ Objectively, the pixel art in the game is great. The animation is beyond smooth, and the large variety of monster girls is great. Most girls are fairly entry-tier when it comes to monstruosity, so the general public should be able to enjoy it regardless of whether they're into monster girls in the first place. The CGs you get after getting a monster game-over isn't overly impressive, but it's not awful or anything. It's just kind of there when you've got the ridiculous quality of the animation to compare it to. ___ Final Words ___ May this game finally put an end to ironic lewd games being put on steam to generate funds from the Bad Rats trope. Amen.
boobvy
"And if a man lie with a beast, he shall surely be put to death: and ye shall slay the beast." (Leveticus 20:15, KJV)
schlick schlurge schlook
One hand play ~.~
come on, you know you want it, buy it already and join the FBI watch list.
More hours of "content" for me ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Missing some yuri action but still good
There is no good reason to NOT get this.
Worth every penny
NoiCe
I see oppai, I buy
How do i hide this from my friends
Im crying
Hello Elon Musk, I hope that my money spent on this DLC will help you in genetic engineering to create catgirls 
Kittie tiddie
WORTH IT 10/10
There's a reason the game is one handed
TAKE MY MONEY!!!
I told my mom that I bought this and she said that she is very proud of me.
I mean, its high quality hentai, why WOULDN'T you want to buy this? This is great!   The best part is, the game is ALWAYS one handed, have fun!
cause i got                                                 HOOOEEEEEEEEESSSSS
Is it bad the my right hand is bigger than my left hand?
Why did I spend money on this?    Catgirls. That's why.
Kachigga 
was waiting for this dlc   was it worth the 9$ (on sale) and getting on the FBI watch list ?? well yes (in my opinion at least)  and why aren't we funding this in real life ? one dollar spent on charity is one dollar not spent on genetically engineering catgirls for domestic ownership
One hand gameplay support.
moiar bibby
Coco loco 10/10
Worth every cent, penny, yen... whatever currency you are using. a MUST BUY!!!
Welcome to the FBI Watchlist.
Stepping on the beach da do do do bout ta beat my meat da do do do.
Worth it for the Coconut cream pie.
Very nice
One hand gameplay support.
my favrit bbobbty
yes
I can't say I have any regrets.
It's like a whole new game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
i like this :)
totally worth it
One hand gameplay support.
LOLI WAWAAKAWKAWKAW
ｶﾜ(・∀・)ｲｲ!!
Ohhh yeahhh.... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I was screensharing this to my friend live on Discord (I know him personally) and needless to say this was a great experience for us both. That was the funniest night of my life, thanks for this, Canvas+Garden. I apprieciate this content in my library. Will definetly buy from you guys again. <3
YES YES YES!!!!
just buy it
Flashing lights, amazing beats, futuristic tracks and twisted style. In short A MUST HAVE!
BEST SOUNDTRACK EVER
Constantly listen to it.
If you do one thing in your entire life, get the soundtrack.
We don't deserve this game
Everyone who played Distance already knows that the soundtrack alone is worth it. The fact that not only do you get the songs in the usual MP3 format but also in lossless FLAC is highly appreciated.  On top of that, the art book included is very extensive. Just had a quick look at it and it truly is a great addition for everyone who wants to get a closer look at the creative process behind Distance.  All that at a fair price. Very happy to further support great devs of a great game.
Yes.
The artbook is 55 pages of awesome lore and story background as well as "making of" design aspects, and the soundtrack is too good to put into words. Check the songs out on SoundCloud if you want a taste: https://soundcloud.com/torcht/sets/distance
Update #3: I'm changing this to a "recommend" mainly based off the fact that the developer pushed out an insane number of patches in the first weeks of release to try to make it a better game and it is definitely better as a result. I still have some issues with a few things here and there but they deserve a thumbs up for all the work they put in. I've included a link to the full series (I played through the game in 3 parts) and you can clearly see the changes from part 1 to part 2 to part 3. By the end, the gamebreaking stuff was no longer present. Some people will still be on the fence but it's a recommend from me - especially if it goes on sale. I enjoyed the final version of the game enough to give it a thumbs up.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-O0d8U5F1zg&list=PL08FwntTpxPACBXeVvsSB2I_LURxNq81r  Update #2: The game has gotten better. It's still not at a state where I can recommend it yet but the dev has been working hard and has been pushing patches for all the issues we've been locating so that's definitely a plus. It's getting there. I'll update more when I've had time to test the newest patch. Here's my newest video showing some of the changes and updates to the game so far.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVGMg8C59wY  Update: I'm changing this review to remove some things about the dev attacking me. That was a misunderstanding with someone who appeared to be the dev but was not. I did refund the game (the first refund I've ever made on Steam) mainly based off my interaction with the person who appeared to be the developer.   The game is borderline unplayable. I could not progress due to a bug that you can watch in my video on my Youtube channel. There are sound issues, there are texture issues, there are issues with item placement (where they are literally placed in a spot where your character CANNOT reach them), and there are progression issues that literally make it impossible to go further in the game. And that's just the start.   That being said, with some patches the game could actually be decent. I'm not saying the game will never be a good game. I'm just saying at this point (November 4th) that the game is unplayable in my opinion.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-O0d8U5F1zg&lc=z22tsxiyuuzqv35jg04t1aokg3bmiuc024hu5q4jpkydrk0h00410
I do wanna say before i say anything about the review. Porsche Has always held a place in my heart. so yes i do love this game and i love this DLC but i wanna point out when they say there is - 1993 PORSCHE 911 Turbo S (964) 3.6 - 1993 PORSCHE 911 RS America (964) 3.6 - 2016 PORSCHE 911 Carrera S (991.2) - 2003 PORSCHE Carrera GT What they really mean is 2 cars 911 and carrera its the same car and same looks you can use the parts from one to the other its the same. The only difference is like a small change in each car and there not body related its just something small like one might have an intercooler while the other has another one. so i thought buyers should be aware when getting the DLC that there really only getting 2 cars not 4 also the engines in the DLC are also part of the cars and even they are the same with a slight alteration  Overall though i do love this game and i play it dayly just wish they put more heart into the game instead of tossing labels on things and calling it good.
very good and i like the porsches included  
I'm so happy when a DLC offers four licences cars as a minimum. Only two cars is not good, is not enough for me and I considered so expensive. Good job and thanks for these four Porsches.
The Car Mechanic Simulator franchise takes a sensible approach to pricing. A fare share of unlicensed car models are provided within the base package for a lower price. DLCs then expand on these with a selection from a specific car manufacturer. Today’s video focuses on one of these expansions: the Porsche DLC. The DLC introduces four vehicles: the 1993 Porsche 911 Turbo S, the 1993 Porsche 911 RS America, the 2003 Porsche Carrera GT and the 2016 Porsche 911 Carrera 4S.  At the core of Car Mechanic Simulator’s gameplay loop are diagnostic, disassembly, replacement and subsequent assembly of various parts. Prime among these parts is the engine. While it is still curiously satisfying to replace the umpteenth brake disc, building up an engine from scratch is what gets the juices flowing. As of November 2018, the base game provides thirteen engine configurations. The Porsche DLC expands the selection with a B6 and a V10 engine.  The V10 in the Carrera GT is a massive 5.7 liter beast that was originally designed for an F1 car. As it is with the rest of the engines on this list it is rear mounted. However, the comparisons stop there. The size of the engine pops at the viewer even with all the body parts on, with the air filter covers peeking from under the suggestive curved mesh bonnet. Unfortunately, the V10 engine itself is quite a tedious affair. Since it is a DOHC engine, there are four camshafts with an excruciating total of sixteen camshaft caps. If there is a need to get below the engine head there is certainly a feeling of working for you money. On the positive side, the air filter configuration and the custom intake manifold are impressive lookers and set the V10 apart of anything the base game has to offer. Last but not least, the timing chains use shoes in a tensioner role. They must be pretty tricky to service IRL, luckily they serve only as a minor diversion in the virtual world.  Next up are the two old timers from 1993: the 911 RS America and the 911 Turbo S. Both of these compact road cars feature a six cylinder boxer engine. And it is a delight to work on. The sleek air filter and intake configuration is packed tight around an exotic air cooling solution. Removal of the intake components reveals an ingenious fuel injection unit on the Turbo S. It was soon midway through working on the timing parts when it finally clicked for me. The beauty of the boxer engines lie in their symmetric construction and operation. This is nicely apparent when examining the crankshaft, as each crankpin is served by a single cylinder, as opposed to a V engine where a crankpin is served by a couple of cylinders. Plus, there are no nasty camshaft caps that will take ages to replace.  Last but definitely not least, let’s take a look at the modern incarnation of the 911 in the Carrera 4S from 2016. As opposed to the rest of the cars from this DLC, the Carrera 4S is a 4x4. The air filters are packed separately away from the engine, which makes the six cylinder boxer even more compact than its predecessors. Most of what was said about the boxer engines still apply here with a blemish. Those pesky camshaft caps are back again. Even though the engine is in a DOHC configuration, it is still fortunately a six cylinder, so that gives a total of twelve caps to deal with. However, even with this minor inconvenience, I find this engine the most esthetically pleasing and fun to work with from the DLC.  I have played CMS 2018 roughly 10 hours with the DLC installed. In this time I saw a couple of Carrera GTs, a ton of RS Americas and Turbo Ses but not a single Carrera 4S. The fact that I had to buy the Carrera 4S in the salon to have an opinion about it is the biggest inconvenience of the DLC. This is not a problem of the Porsche DLC itself, rather the way Red Dot Games elected to implement the order system in the base game. Therefore, if you are looking to have a specific car included regularly in your orders, you might be disappointed.  Overall, however, I have no strong cons with the content provided in the DLC and I absolutely love the new flavor the boxer engines are bringing. Therefore, I definitely recommend buying the Porsche DLC.
Like many others have said, I woild like more variety than just the 911 but other than that, it's a great change doing a rear engine fix and the engines look like the developers put a lot of work into them. This is a must have for any Porsche fan.
Finally you can see what a flat six engine looks like. 
It's great. I like the inclusion of rear engine vehicles. Helps change up the gameplay every once in a while.  There should have been more variety in cars instead of just the 911 models.  The engines look great, the cars themselves are good. New tuning parts are great. Overall a 7/10. It would have been nice to have more variety.   Looking forward to the next dlc 
very well done. good job!!
Good DLC. Would have preferred more variety than 911s. The boxer engines are interesting to build though and they have added decent tuning parts.
Amazing new engines and cars addon, great DLC, loving it
ENG:  Porsche is my favorite car brand & so that why, this is so far my favorite DLC in this a game! :3   FIN:  Porsche on minun suosikki auto brandi & siksi tämän on minun tähän asti suosikki DLC tässä pelissä! :3
This DLC is awesome. I bought it on sale after not playing Faeria much lately, and it was way worth it, I should have bought it sooner. Most puzzles actually take a good bit of time to figure out, and are really just pretty cool to see the sequence when you solve them. Great work as always guys!
Fun and challenging puzzles. You also get a very nice card back plus some Mythic Chests and Shards. Definitely worth getting if you like that kind of stuff.
This is a delightful puzzle pack. From the 10 sample puzzles, I was afraid it might be too easy, but I was stumped several times. The finale is fantastic; I tried variations on two separate strategies that ended up 1 faeria or 1 damage short before finally getting to the solution.   I also like that the puzzles helped me to understand more about how edge cases in the main game work. For example, if you attack a creature, you damage the attacked creature before it damages yours. Or if you drain life from something, the damage resolves before the healing.  --aqword
Great as always! Faeria game and DLCs are affordable and great for people like me who loves single player content. The original Classic Puzzles were challenging, but if you really get stuck, there is always a good soul who uploads how to solve them on YouTube :P
Wow, one of the best racing games I have played in a long time. Still can't believe it was only £2.00, definitely a worthy purchase. This game has quality tracks and cars, the power-ups have been thoroughly thought through and are almost always different everytime. The soundtrack is definitely also one of my top favourite things about this amazing game! Simply cannot believe this great game.
Has anyone gotten to level 22 and completed it..If so could you tell me for some reason no matter what mode or howmany times I play I can't get to the Island....
Fun game like every other in the series. One bad thing though - it crashes often, didn't experience that with previous episodes.
the art style is pretty gud, i'm not big fan math games, but it's a good way to kill time
Okay for those who do not know what this game is I will explain.  This is a simple (but not easy) puzzle game. If you came for simple T&A you will have to put some time into it to get it.  For those of you new to the series I suggest starting with the first Mojo and if you don't want to spend the money get Mojo: Hanako. Its free and will give you a good idea of the difficulty to expect starting out in each game.  The game is played using up, down, left, right key pad and you progress by combining similar number blocks to higher numbers. You are given a square shaped grid that begins with a single block at "1". Every time you move the block a new "1" block will be placed on the grid in such fashion as to make your next move more difficult. If the play area becomes filled you fail and ,if you have a heart (Continue) the board is wiped clean allowing you to continue with your current points. If you do not have a heart you must restart the level. Hearts are given sparingly so you should do your best to make the correct move. You main goal is to obtain a score high enough to move on to the next level and each level unlocks more sexy lady art as the female (s) removes articles of clothing.  I have played Multiple versions of this game and to put it mildly this one is by far the easiest to deal with. The coding for this is much more forgiving, BUT... it is not an easy game i promise you.   Many of the other games allow for the computer to place more then one type of block... meaning that if you are in a bind the game can not only place a block in an inconvenient place... but it can place a block that you do not have the ability to work with effectively ruining your strategy and forcing you to come up with a new plan.  L. Stoch DOES NOT DO THIS!!!! A I love him for it. I stead... he adds extra mind bending ways to make your game play more challenging WITHOUT breaking it. These changes allow you to think ahead because you know what is coming... but they can still throw you for a loop VERY easily as these extra feature often delay your plans for a turn or two and could ruin your game all together if you fail to recover.  In other words... the game doesn't simple say "**ck you, you are going to lose right now" It says "Let's see how you make this work" and wait to see if you get tripped up or recover from the challenge.  I have myself have played all of these games and completed most of them in one sitting and I have enjoyed the music as well as the ladies.  I love Stoch's art in this and as a fellow artist I applaud it. Would love a commission in the future if possible.
I had fun (still have actually) solving the puzzles and oggling the girls of course. The soundtrack goes well with the pace of the game; there are achievements to get and I like the art style. The mechanic slighty varies throughout the game for example by magnetizing the blocks and pull them every x turn.
This game saves lives. Incel tears.  20 lives saved ;)  Match numbers that adds up to 64 in a limited square space and with great music.  Thumbs up  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJOdPWAIQr4&feature=youtu.be
Quality tunes lewds and puzzleros ╭( ･ㅂ･)و ̑̑ ˂ᵒ͜͡ᵏᵎ⁾✩
H games are kinda fun and I have played many over the years.  Unfortuantly most of them are...lets be honest, very shallow to say the least most of the time.  Mojo and Mojo 2 are huge exceptions to this.  The fun engaging puzzle game play keeps your hooked and when I lose I want to go back and try to figure it out again.  The reward ofcourse is nice progressing H-Scenes but the game hooks me in for far more then that, the music, the challengng game play, the fun atmasphere, it's just all there for a fairly simple strait forward game.  To be honest, the Mojo series have to be best H-games I have played in a VERY long time.
The music is fantastic; combined with the gameplay it is very relaxing and helps getting into a "zen-like" zone. The graphics are polished and finally, the art style is neat. Compared to the demo, you get additional level designs and game mechanics, which is a nice touch for a 2048 game but might also be considered a bit "overloaded" depending on personal taste. Overall: strong recommendation, would buy again.
It's a bit confusing but easy to understand at the same time. You will love this game due to the fact it's more puzzle then jumping into the action but if you don't like it, well just remember you will be rewarded if you complete all missions. Trust me it's worth it.
It plays the same as the first game, but there is a twist. The game board changes shape, if that's what you can call it. Locking some of the tiles temporarily, this caught me off guard and adds a new layer of challenge to the game. The first game was fun to play but I personally think Mojo 2 is far better than the first game. If you loved the first one then you'll love Mojo 2 even more.
It's a fun game. Sexy aspects aside, its core mechanics are incredibly solid and fun to play.
A fun game with a developer that wants to provide further support.
Wonderfull and challenging game with beautifull rewards in form of undressing cute girls :3
In these days of random, uncalled-for censorship (looking at YOU, Tumblr) it's great that there is a 2048 puzzle game that combines interesting gameplay with quality anime nudes.  Excellent effort.
Much like the first Mojo, this is a good 2048-style game that adds a couple unique twists on the original, most notably there are some additional items that affect gameplay and there hopefully will be more girls when the game is completed (the menu suggests at least 8 total, as of this review there are 6 available). Like in the first one there's plenty of incentive to keep going as the father you can get into the levels the more the girls get stripped down (there is an 18+/nudity patch in the downloads) and the great soundtrack is back with a couple new tracks too. The price is a little higher than the original but it's worth it for the gameplay improvements, moreso if you get the bundle.  I recommend this one again along with the first one, again there is also a free "demo" version you can try first (Mojo 2: Mia, which you can get a good 2-3 hours out of to complete) before committing to this one, which I suggest since this one is still a work-in-progress. But if you liked the first one, there's no reason to not buy this one too.
Well, I like me some pervy puzzle games here and there. I've already clocked in a ghastly number of hours on Huniepop, but Mojo 1 and 2 have delivered a lot more fun and entertainment than I ever expected.It's a simple numbers game, with lewd anime chicks to keep you company. With each level you reach, they get just a bit closer to nekid. As for the art quality.....eh, the proportions could use some work, but I do like full-figured women, and the artist obviously put a lot of heart into his project. The puzzles themselves have become more intuitive through the course of development, and they've also worked hard to crank out new girls to play with. The game isn't anything life-changing, but it doesn't need to be. If you got a few extra bucks lying around, this game will keep you busy for at least 10 hours or so.
good time waster
fantastic, as always, the game mechanics are good even improved, the pictures are very hot, keep it up L. Stotch ♥ i love your games
Came for the ladies, stayed for the soundtrack :^)
This game has no menu screen and no exit option. After five levels it just repeats. The atmosphere visually is like in the screenshots, although the game is not as suspensful and quick as promised in the video. The low resolution and motion blur was rather offputting. I, being a gamedev myself, don't want to say much bad about any game, so I will give it a thumb up. 
One of the most incredibly underrated games on here, it's like an alternate timeline Hotline Miami if it was directed by Suda and had bullet hell patterns. That pretty much sums it up, a twin stick shooter mixed with danmaku elements. There's three distinct playable characters with their own attack methods, and with each comes a primary attack, melee, and special bomb once you build it up. Grazing close to bullets builds your multiplier, and the final boss was fantastic. My only criticisms are that the music seemed repetitive, and the game clocks in at about 1 hour (5 levels). There's replay value though as you're scored on each level, and the character designs and environments are grade A stuff.
A Ninja Slayer game?! Subarashii!!  A fantastic top-down shooter in the vein of Hotline Miami, but with gameplay that resembles a Bullet Hell. I have only played two stages and my Karate has grown tenfold.
This is the ONLY game where you play as a Cyborg John Wick. nuff said. 10/10
Do-mo review-reader-san. I'm Ezoe desu.  This game is based on the fictional ninja novel "Ninja Slayer".  In the novel, Y2K problem hit the world so hard we run out of IP addresses. That catastrophic event cause a massive reality mutation so we are now living in a Neo-Saitama. Where heavy metal acid rain fall almost every day and those who has no immunity get sick within half an hour.  Most people, except for makegumi(loser-class) off course, wear the cyber sanglasses which is a very advanced VR display. Many people are genetically modified or inplant cybernetic gears(including illegal one). And the most important cybernetics are off course, human-body LAN which allows you to connet to the network directry to the neuron.  The existance of the ninja is rumored, but off course, these are just rumors. There is no ninja at all. If you witness a ninja, you have serious health concerns anyways. Because of tremendous fear of witnessing a ninja, you got a NRS(Ninja Reality Shock). The usual symptom of NRS are incontinence, fainting, and in the worst case, death.  Now, real ninjas were those Heian-era people who trained so hard to become the real ninja. But their ninja soul is somehow released in the wild and possess the people. A person who was possessed by a ninja soul become a ninja. At least, so I've heard.  Anyway about this game. This game is indeed cheap, but difficult. If the reader has ninja-eyesight, it should be trivial for you. But most of the ordinary people who don't have a ninja-eyesight, genetically-moddified, nor illegal cybernetics modification, you will struggle to beat this game.  This is a usual top-down view shooter. Very short. It has just 5 stages.   The player characters are Yakuza Tengu who demand the donate to everybody, Evil Yamoto who is kawaii, and Goth Rock pank girl.  The enemies are clone-yakuza, genetically modified animals and other motor-bots from Yorosi-san Medicine, one of the dark mega-corp.
AIEEE, AIEEE! 4643, 4643 NANDE?!
Great service! Honestly ever since I got this thing it's my go-to for whenever i'm: -doing a draw -designing a thing -making a character -yes and it genuinely has helped me out a lot with color and trying to make things pop and seeing how it connects and flows n' stuff. It doesn't even have to be pixel art, I haven't (so far) used it for that and it's worked really well for me.
As soon as I saw the development of this program over time on twitter, I was quite excited for it. The program is very quick and easy to understand. In just 30 minutes of use I was able to figure out the core features of the tool.    With that in mind, here's some features that I think will help the program out. [list]     [*] Being able to copy/paste images in for the refs. If I'm working on spritework, or if I just want an image off of somewhere, being able to paste it will allow me to not have to save every image I want to use.     [*] I don't know if this is a thing, but being able to generate a pallete from an image would be pretty cool. If this is already a thing, well call me the fool.     [*] That's all I could think of really, I'm tired [/list]   So yeah. If [i] YOU [/i] are a random reader, buy the program. Is cool and good.  I'm gonna rate this program a solid Grandma's Cookies out of Greek Ambrosia and Necter  
Overall:  A decent beta product with lots of potential. This is a tool that I wanted as soon as I saw it, a year or more ago.  Pros: - Very nice drag/drop/draw connectors interface. - Gradients work beautifully. - I like how dragging a connector lets you move both end nodes at once.  Bugs: - Double-clicking on a connector to create a new node does not make the new node the color that you double-clicked on; sometimes it was also much darker than the average of the two end nodes (e.g., adding a node between bright orange and black gave a very, very dark brown instead of a medium-lightness brown) - Relatedly, there is no easy way to sample intermediate colors. To find the hex code of an intermediate color I had to take a screenshot, paste that into Photoshop, and sample with the eyedropper. - Sometimes I was unable to delete a selected object with the Delete key, and had to use the right-click menu.  Suggestions: - It might be nice to show the grid when a node is being dragged--it was sometimes hard to tell where something would go until I released it - It would be lovely to have a hex grid option, but I *completely* understand if it would be too much work.
I have played with this tool and I honestly love it.  Once you get started, it is so easy to create a color palette from images you have.  PLus. it's nice to be able to export it as a png image for use in any program you use for painting.
I did not spend too much time with this software because I didn't have to. It is fast and easy to use. The color palette I created with this was perfect for pixel art. This software sped up my pixel art workflow by quite a bit. However, I do find it a bit expensive for what it currently can do.   Might be a great touch for developers if we could export palettes as HEX and ARGB values into a .txt file or something similar.
Excellent intuitive tool used for color correction with sanic fast speeds.  If you're strugling to find the right palette for your sprite set this is definitely the tool for the job.  I dont know what sort of magic went into programming this thing but its algorithm for finding just the right colors is scary to the point where it basically colorpicks better than the artist themselves (with some minor touch ups)
UPDATE: The bugs I mentioned below have been fixed almost immediately. Really impressed with the quick response from the developer, and the software is fully functional. It still seems a little bit pricey for what you're currently getting, but I can't wait to see what's next for this software and I can fully recommend it.  ORIGINAL REVIEW:  Only spent a short time with this program so far but I'm going to start with the good: The tool for palette generation is really intiutive. Its pretty simple to figure out, and I was able to generate several interesting and unique palettes very quickly. I think its going to be very useful for me to generate new colour ideas through experimentation, but I haven't been able to use the reference iamge tool yet because of how buggy that part of the program still is.  The images I loaded only showed up after I checked the pixel art box, and the colours I tried to sample from it were not accurate: I'm not even sure how to describe that issue: The sampled colours were in grayscale, but darker? And sometimes it showed shades of brown? It was a bit weird, and then it crashed. Had another bug when exporting palettes: the first time I tried exporting a 3 color palette as an Adobe palette it replaced two of the colors with black, leaving me only with red. It worked fine the second time I tried it.  In summary, I'm recommending it because of what I think this program's potential is. Once its been stabilized and the bugs mashed out, its going to be very useful. However, I would not recommend buying it at its current price the way it is right now; wait until its recieved a few updates.
Obscenely difficult, responsive, and clever as all heck. Also there's hot animes.
Bought game. Played levels. Got stuck. Realized I'm bad at puzzles. Cried myself to sleep. Woke up. Repeat.  On the upside the game looks good and has dope music! Anyone up for a 2D puzzle challenge should try it out!  
Gorgeous pixel art combined with challenging puzzles! One of the things I really appreciate about this game is he learning curve. There's no navi-like character screaming at you telling you where to set down a block - you just figure it out (or, more likely, you run into a lazer, die, and *then* figure it out). A wonderful old-school brainteaser game~
Every time you fail, you lose a bit of your IQ until you come back and finish the level. This is pretty much the Dark Souls of purple hair.
This game is fun, good, hard, makes me feel dumb, and tune-tastic. If you're into classic 2D puzzle platformers then this is probably a safe bet for you.  The first few levels are the standard tutorial-style levels; you naturally intuit your way to understanding the games controls without the need for big tutorial text all over the screen, but shortly after that the real game begins.  This is where I start feeling dumb and I can only beat a level or two before I need to give my brain a break. I'm sure others will probably have an easier time than me but by no means do I feel you can just breeze through the game.  So if puzzle platformers are your jam, I definitely recommend giving this a try!   Plus the tunes own. Also the intro owns. Additionally the sprite work owns.
I bought this DLC pack just to officially be acknowledged for saying this.   --  F*ck you, you inconsiderate piece of sh*t.  --  Thanks for reading and have a nice day.  (stop baiting people) 
good laugh for like 5mins, recommended if you want autism and fly a dragon in chernobyl
󠀡
Most stupid and most enjoyable 12 minutes of my life.
*EDIT* FOUND A FIX. GAME IS GODLIKE This game is literally broken... I opened it and whenever I go into any room my camera keeps looking left and never stops. unless someone finds a fix, this game is a no
Very cheap but fun game where you get to play as a dragon and go up against other dragons (players) or bots. As someone who avidly loves dragons, I'm always on the lookout for new games with dragons in them. While this game does have the feature of playing as a dragon, which is something I'd love to do in games, it's lacking in content. Controls are wonky but easy to get used to. There's only a total of 6 skins to nab thru leveling and after that the only thing really worth continuing to play for is the leaderboard. As some have already stated, there's only 3 maps to play on. There is a Battle Royale mode, but since nobody really plays that mode, you're most likely going to be forced to play against bots.  A good game to kill time, but wouldn't hurt to add more content.
This game has alot of potential, the animations are great, the abilities the dragons have make it feel lifelike, the model is nice. the zombies and soldiers need some work have more varieties such as ones with different weapons better animations for the zombies which are cringeworthy. it reminds me of Draken : Order of the Flame, except your a dragon not the rider.  i hope they expand this version to include different dragon firing attacks like lighting strike or posion blast to firestorm and maybe include different dragons species like drakes and feathered dragons other than the base model reskins. also it would be nice if you started as a hatchling (rescale the model to human sized or cat sized first off and level up by growing larger and more powerful as time goes on. ( to current size it is ingame now. the city needs to be larger to house such large dragons. dustructable enviroments would be nice too such as buildings crumbling when hit. more human poeple need to be in the game as it is kind of sparse. These are just some sugguestions to help the game as it is off to a good start, but as of now, it needs more content and maybe a storyline.
The game is younger but somehow still has more promising content than Dragon: The Game.
Costs as much as a bottle of water, has about as much content. Dragons look really cool though, so if you're into that, you'll have fun for about as long as with a bottle of water.
An interesting game decently worth its price. The controls are a bit difficult to learn and I am pretty sure the dodge ability is not working unless it can only be used when taking a hit. Oh and if you want to get all the achievements in about half an hour load up zombies on redwell I believe was the name of the map find a building with a fire escape and just let the zombies come to you and just use fire breath or attack 2 if they get too close.
Good dragon model and nice animations. It need more stuff in the game like maybe other dragon models or other things to do in the game but over all it was pretty fun
cool game for $1 lol
I bought this game on a whim for me and my friend, given that it was a dollar a piece.  BEST TWO BUCKS I'VE EVER SPENT  Seriously, this game is rad as hell. Fly around as a dragon and shoot other dragons and or dudes. It controls well, has tight hitboxes, and the graphics style for the dragons actually is pretty cool. The only real drawbacks I have for this game are the glitchy and sometimes jumpy human NPCs, sometimes rubberbanding through walls. Sometimes the fireballs you think should have hit your enemy just fly right on through. And lastly that frustrating moment when you fireball aoe yourself to death on accident.  Seriously though, buy this game. It's a dollar and totally worth it. (Also plz keep improving, devs)
It's ok
easily one of the best games on the market right now the controls are fluid and it really makes you feel like you're the dragon :)
So me and my boyfriend were having a rough few days, between beloved family members passing away (god rest their souls) and my boyfriend losing his job he wasnt in a very good way. I decided that something needed to be done, to cheer him up because he honestly deserved it. I was looking through steam games that mentioned dragons (because boy knows he loves his dragons) when I came across this game on the marketplace I was initially skeptical given the low price of the game as this usually means very low quality. However I was happily shocked to find that this game is, to put it bluntly, ABSOLOUTELY AMAZING! The game offers very good customization on dragons, giving you all sorts of different colours to choose from. (However the standard and sleek black has to be my favourite). me and my boyfriend enjoyed spending our times in a private server together killing bots in team deathmatch, (we never were the best against other people hehe) and I could see that slowly but surely it was starting to help out my boyfriends mood and make him happy again. After just an hour of incredible gameplay it seemed as if he was back to himself, and I couldnt be happier. In short this game really did help our relationship out when we were in a tough spot, and I am forever greatful for what it has done for us. Would highly recommend it to anyone else going through a rough spot.
Entered a death match, hovered in the middle of the map, and proceeded to kill the same 3 clueless newbies 20 times in a row each. Used the same attacks and tactics the entire time and they never learned. Cackled loudly. Fireball/10
I have always been into fantasy games, even the most simplified of them all such as this one. The concept is simple, attack and kill opponents, level up, unlock the next skin. Not too shabby. I've managed to convince several of my gamer friends to give this game a try and majority of them have had a positive outlook on it. It's a real shame that this was all that I could possibly find as a recently-created simulator for the PC, that allows you to experience gameplay as the dragon itself. As much as I would like to glorify this game for more than it really is; there are many downsides that should be addressed as well.  - The overall gameplay is exactly the same as if you were to play its Demo Version on a browser. The only two positives from the Steam Version is less lag (because it depends on your computer's performance rather than your internet's speed) and your work is permanently saved (whereas on the browser it's wiped if you were to delete your history/cookies).  - The controls are everywhere. The movements are an acception as they follow the standard W,A,S,D (or arrows) controls. But as for everything else, they can become quite overwhelming. The camera angles are sporadic and dependent on your mouse/touchpad. The chat feature is tiny, hardly seen on the bottom left side of the screen (not to mention you access it through the T key, instead of hitting Enter). Gaining flight can be very difficult once you've landed, making you an easy target to bots or other players.  - Not enough features to withhold your attention very long. There's a total of 3 maps (all of them are small, especially WasteTown), only 4 ways to play, and only 6 skins to unlock. Rendering the rest of the gameplay not too much of an excitement, unless you find enjoyment in leveling up with no rewards to follow up with.  - There is only 3 opponents available in the entire game. Snipers, Zombies, and Dragons (other players).  - Name tags are hardly visible to other players, making it difficult to see who you're speaking towards or chasing after. Lets say you set up a Death Match or a Team Death Match server; you will not see any other player's name and if you do, that signifies as them being on your team. Understandable, but not logical. As for TDM, there is a Red Team (Alpha) and a Blue Team (Beta) option. To make matters easier, all name tags should be visible and color coordinated to whichever team you're on.  - Zombie levels are underwhelming. A bunch will fling their way towards you for a brief moment, then it becomes still for a long while. Changing the difficulty option hardly does much, it only brings up the number of souls you must collect to complete the server. It doesn't intensify the action or amount of zombies gaining up on you at once.  - As I mentioned above, all the server maps appear similar and bland. They look like leftover test maps from GTA: Vice City. Mostly beige and white, blocky and lacking detail, and an absence of landscape differences.  - This game is not compatible with Mac. Leaving those players stranded with the Demo Version.  I could go on, but I've covered enough in this review. All in all, I recommend it if you can overlook the price tag (in which I strongly believe there shouldn't be one at the moment) and have a heart for cheesy games to pass free time. However, I do not recommend this game if you think you would struggle with keeping your interest, hence wasting your time. I will do my part to bring more traffic and attention to this game, if the creators do their part and make updates along the way.
I mean the context is out and the controls could be better but this little game has a charm and fun to it. It's probably the best game in which you can play as a dragon which is kinda sad. But hey maybe they could develop it into a full game with the same artsyle and more depth.
>say i can be a dragon >got to be a dragon 10/10
The animations in this game are excellent! I just wish the game itself was 'larger' for a lack of better words.
This game is really cute, the controls are easy to understand, even for someone like me; a novice PC gamer. I love some of the graphics, they have a nice retro feel while also standing out from many other retro style games. This is the first werewolf themed game I've played and I like the concept. I love that it is both a crafting game and  an adventure game. I wish there were more style, appearance and body type options for the main character. I can't wait to see this game develop over time, there's potential here, for sure!
It is very funny
Perfect for DDD 10/10
i got the dlc but it wont actually work if anyone know how to fix this plese reply and tell me how to
no nut november is gonna be hard
grisaia patch please
Nice ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)
right, if you can do patch with this game why not the nekopara one... hope they release that one day  otherwise for some reason i cant write review on the main game but overall nice nukige with some absurd comedy. yep nuff said     also yuu best gurl  edit: they released the patch lol
A game worth watching, still very early but does have a fair amount of content. The pace is a bit slow, although it can be improved with stats and gear.  Map is to be cleared and has various bosses and sub-mobs to finish. Is tough when under powered as the mobs don't seem to respawn and you need to find more on map before challenging the bosses, or its a long fight and with not enough potions can be very tough to do. Death loses the experienced held towards next lvl, and you keep your equipment. worth buying to support from what I saw, but wait if not totally into this type of game.
This game is going to be great if they stay up on it. it's got that Diablo2 feel to it, the gfx are really well done, and it's pretty good gameplay.I really love the way the armor/weapons are designed. I got this sick bone bow, and It looks amazing. There are a few minor things that I wish were in the game, like a way to see the buttons/controls, stack splitting and of course multi would be fantastic, but all in all this game is worth the cash. keep up the good work guys.  Check my curator page for more game reviews https://store.steampowered.com/curator/27040334/
Alright time for yet another review, YAY!   This time for Alvastia Chronicles.  This game, is of course another KT game, and yet I actually feel this is slightly more impressive storywise than most.  And it is all due to one major contributing factor, the antagonists.  Or rather I shall say the antagonists' minions.  You heard that right.  Since the main antagonist of the game Valhyt, is NON EXISTENT.  He does not show up at all until the end of the game.  His four minions Griever in particular all for the first two acts of the game all seem to be a constant but inconsistent thorn in your side.  And I LOVE IT.    The only real drawback is that your first real fight against any of the tetrarchs happens SUPER LATE into the game.  And its after a rather long section where THEY DO NOT SHOW UP AT ALL.  It's very odd storytelling.  I will say this has one of the oddest FAS out of any KT game since sure you have the villians making amends (as per KT tradition) but the reason why they did what they did was SUPER cliche.  It kind of sours quite a bit of the mood, what am I talking about?  Play and find out.
boys...
Wow, I love it. I give it the daws approval 10/10 would smash my meat again
my god! im so satisfied with this new dlc! nice!! i love it! 100/100 enjoyed and would recommend!
Definitley  worth it for a loner like me :')
Moist. Very, moist.
Lost a bet and had to buy this but did i really lose
All clicker games are a mistake and you shouldn't play them.  But if you play this one and you like it, this DLC is a must. You are not buying a limited "piece" of content, but the right to see the naughty version of all the content, existing or future. What you are buying is the right to turn the game into the NSFW version and "join the secret club", kind of.  As I said, don't play any clicker game, but if you do, then the least you could do is enjoy some nudity so it's not a total waste of time.
We have naked anime girls on steam, what a fucking time to be alive!
I almost lost my house in the settlement. Luckily my meat dropped the domestic abuse charges.
the dlc is amazing
Money well spent
A bit too pricy for the mediocre content it give. But its fine i guess. If you want really good material, go check Mirror. That is how you make a game with the tags you want.
Nice but dont pay for gems, just go offline and wait ...
;)
why did i do this
local sad loser pays for porn hooha
Approve if you are a meat beater and don't mind putting extra time and money in this game. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
How do i hide this from people in my friend list?
spent 7$ to look at some anime titties  12/10
im gay why am i here
Worth every damn penny.   10/10  Mio & Bonnibel Best Girls.
Best DLC ever! But buy it on Humble Bumble!
Don't usually review NSFW content. But this is a exception.  It adds nudity to a basically clicker game that I have gotten pretty into a few times while I was bored. Honestly, I think you should buy it if you like anime tiddies.                     Anyway what I am trying to say is that this is sum gud shit.
I really like the game Crush Crush, the base product being free is a great way to get people in and the designed in replayability is great to keep people hooked. So, when I saw that their was a uncensored version, I was stoked, I had to have it!!!. however after downloading it, I realized that outfits are not avalible until you reach lover level with a girl... Whats the point of getting new outfits, if when you soft reset you complete a charater to put them on? am I missing something? I am more then happy to change my recomendation, if there was a way to freely change the girls outfits as long as they where unlocked (aka already paid for) again whats the point of having wet "mode" or birthday suit "mode" if it you don't get to see that content untill the end of the game?  Not sure if it is worth if it is worth seven dollars but if you like the game, go for it.
sorry mom
[b] "Moist" [/b] [h1] [b] ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) [/b] [/h1]
I bought the Dlc but nothing happened is it a bug or did I didn't activated please tell me how to activeate it cause im confused I sold almost evrything in my steam invintory to get this dlc
i'm a good boi, i swear
I BONED A BEAR WHILST SHE ROARED MY NAME. I'VE MISSED WAY TOO MUCH WITHOUT THIS DLC.
I played a lot of Crush Crush on Nutaku. It was pretty good. Glad to see they released this DLC on Steam; the voice lines alone make this worth it. If you like Crush Crush, I think it's a no-brainer.
I'm not sure ...
100% worth the money. Now waiting for bundles to be released on steam.
bought this instead of Fortnite Season 6 Battle Pass... Totally worth it, 10/10.
MUST BUY!!!!!
best DLC ever
Admittedly, I had already bought this addition with the "Panda Pass" that was already available to the user by incorporating a key from, I believe it was, Humble Bundle. Steam recently changed their Adult Content guidlines, so they can officially have it as an option in the Steam format. I essentially spent $7 on nothing, but wanted to support the creators and Steam's decision regarding adult content. Another way to say thanks.  Not much to say about the content itself. $7 for in-game nudes and naughty outfits. I like it.
About time...  100% recommended.
Totally worth it!
REAL witches!
Finally The Last Of Keyhole Series lol Ik I keep saying this but Same Style Match the tiles and Pencil color then fully Color of girl But Holloween Themed ^^ It was nice but hey I Liked it Good Music And Characters too And would Recc This to People Who Enjoys Puzzles.
puzzles are fun
A simple Match 3 game where you combine tiles and a beautiful image forms with semi-nude girls. I liked the art and the Halloween theme. Contains nude depiction of breasts. Got it in a bundle for a low price and I am satisfied. Similar to what games this developer has done before but somehow more straight to the point with less useless achievements. Do not get this if you want a long game. Most people will just undress all girls once and be done.
The Halloween version of Keyhole Spy, this one revolves around you making Match-3’s to render a drawing of a witch. Which when complete also loses its top… Anyway, that deals with most of the achievements. The last achievement, though, is a bit of a doosy. You have to go to the puzzle page and like each of the witches… 3100 times. This is only slightly mitigated by the fact that finishing all the achievements spells out HAPPY HALLOWEEN. I guess they just needed that last achievement…  Get it in the bundle.
A fast quick play match 3 with sexy art and art progress pics which I always find cool and generally only see in game's art books.   I would happily suggest this.  The only gripes I have is that I think there should be more characters and I would love to see dating sim elements, but for the price this is really a solid quick game worth picking up.   The slide puzzles are not my cup of tea but it feels like an extra.
For the typical 'match 3' that I have been playing lately.  This on is quite nice, although extremely easy to play.  Maybe I can pick up an idea on drawing as I suck so bad at doing just that.
REAL hot witches!
Another Keyhole Puzzle game in the series Again simple Match the Tiles And Gain more Girl reveal Haha once she Pencil Outlined She Gains color And then Full Welll you know lol But Hey Good Game overall Not gonna Complete it Cause some Ach I have no idea what to do Ah well I would Recc this to People Who Love Games Like well puzzles.
This game is a simple match 3 game where you fill up a progress bar and get to see pictures form up of semi-nude depictions of girls. Contains uncensored breasts. Get this cheap if you are ok playing this for half an hour. Do not get this if you want long lasting value-most people will probably be done with it in half an hour after you undress all the models.
a very fun match3 type game
So now we shall try fantasy girls. Meaning elves, succubi, and lamias… So the Match-3 is self-explanatory. You get an achievement for starting each girl (which is another drawing picture), one for finishing each girl’s game (where they suddenly lose their tops), one for completing each slider puzzle for a girl, and one for getting 1000-of-each-piece in the Match-3 games. And then there are the like achievements. You have to go to the gallery and click the heart a certain number of times. This ranges from 1025 for Anariel (the dark elf) to 5666 for Ignis (the succubus). Seems a perfect way to get Carpal Tunnel, but… whatever…  Get this is the bundle.
Lots of pretty girls!
This is a compilation of five of the girls from each of the previous Keyhole Spy games. The achievements are gained by completing a slider puzzle featuring each girl. Which upon completion gives you a congratulations and a “Want to try the game she’s from?” video. Much more of a cool-off in some ways than the previous games…  Still would suggest getting this in the bundle.
OK
really good fun ,  really difficult and really cheap .
Nice little curiosity.
For a $1 game, this is stylish, absurd, funny, and shockingly fun. This is about as good as you can get for a budget game.  FULL REVIEW: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDWEljqIKGc
I often did not understand what was happening on the screen and why, but this very absurdity definitely delivered to me. Very good timekiller, in which you can test your reaction, enjoy the madness and plunge into the world of children's fantasies, as was intended by the author. The game coped well with its task and gave a lot of fun! Buy it!
[list][*][b][h1]Morlan's shorts:[/h1][/b][/list] Did you notice a pattern here? Fine, you got me.. I grabbed a bunch of his games all together. There was a sale, what?! One of the more..well..absurd games that Anatoliy has made. There's a certain Monty-Python-esque sense to this one and if you don't know what this mean, you should watch more TV! The good stuff though.. Many styles, colours, sprites, sillyness, absurd gameplay, it's all there! You either like it or you're playing Fallout, Civ V (not VI!), Warframe, Pillars of Eternity..of the Earth, whichever, instead. (They're not bad, they're just too much sometimes..) I'm not even gonna say anything about the price of this one.. [b]Just grab it.[/b] (If you're not crazy/absurd enough to enjoy it, you can always re-fund your wallet..) Besides, "жизнь прекрасиа" (Антон Чехов), so why not enjoy it with a fun game like this and forget your worries for a while.. (Made you use the translator again eh? Mou-ha-ha.. Absurd! )  [b]Don't waste more time reading lengthy reviews.. time is of the essence![/b]  
It's a really **special** collection of mini games, it's cheap and not bad.
This is a nice little maze game, part of the amaze series. Best played in short spurts. Worth the price, and an easy 100% game completion.
Typical aMaze, not bad, not very good.
Nice casual little game, and I like the Halloween artwork a lot.
aMAZE Halloween, is a nice little distraction type of game. Nothing hard at all. I played it in short spurts and surely got my 99 cents worth. A very easily completed 100% achievement game. 5/10 score.
[h1]aMazing Halloween themes[/h1] Just another maze game from the "aMaze" series. Halloween themes in the background like cliche pumpkins, bats, spiders, witches, werewolves and moonlight.
This is a fun little Halloween game. It's a shame that Steam is still learning about it and has restricted some features like achievements and trading cards until more people play this game.
Fun game for 0.79 cents, and spooky letter and number achievements for your profile. Worth every penny
Great soundtrack <3
Game was unplayable without lovely ES1 remixes.
Three dollars to support my favorite developer and get some heckin tunes?  I feel like I'm robbing them.
[quote][url=https://store.steampowered.com/curator/7871885/]Follow our curator page:[b] OCG-Curations[/b] if you like and want to see more reviews like this one.[/url][/quote]  [table] [tr] 	[td]Gameplay:[/td] 	[td]9/10[/td] [/tr] [tr] 	[td]Story:[/td] 	[td]9/10[/td] [/tr] [tr] 	[td]Sound:[/td] 	[td]9/10[/td] [/tr] [tr] 	[td]Graphics:[/td] 	[td]9/10[/td] [/tr] [tr] 	[td]Game Length:[/td] 	[td]NA/10[/td] [/tr] [tr] 	[td]Final Rating:[/td] 	[td]9/10[/td] [/tr] [/table]   👍 [u]Pros:[/u] 👍 Excellent Music New Hero Great Price  👎 [u]Cons:[/u] 👎 Not many new game play elements.   [h1]Overview[/h1]    [h1]Game Breakdown[/h1]  🎮 [u]Gameplay:[/u] 🎮  There isn’t much in the way of gameplay added to this expansion. This expansion does add a new hero from the minor faction “The Harmony.” I always enjoy having a new hero with new skill tree lines. This adds a new strategic option to the game.   ⚙ [b]Overall:[/b]⚙ For the price of three USD, this DLC adds some great music. If you are a fan of Endless Space 2’s music, then you should definitely pick this DLC up.   📚 [u]Story:[/u] 📚 This hero, FES2 Reflects, has an interesting bit of backstory. Most of the Harmony don’t wish to actively fight, but this hero has decided to take matters into his own hands.  🎧 [u]Sound:[/u]🎧 The music is the main addition of this DLC. Nine new tracks are added, and veterans of the series will notice that these are remixed tracks from the first game. The first four tracks focus heavily on vocals. They are quite prominent and they are backed by a synthesizer. These tracks also start out quite slow in tempo and speed up until about midway. The fifth track has a stringed instrument as its main instrument. It sounds like a mandolin, which is an interesting instrument choice. The final tracks include FlyByNo’s favorite instrument as of late, the “duduk.” The duduk is an Armenian style of flute. Compared to most other flutes and wind-based instruments, the duduk has a much lower tone. The addition of more music adds more flavor to the background music that plays while the player is actively becoming the master of their galaxy. This DLC feels very worth it as it supports not only Endless Space 2 development, but it also shows Endless Space 2’s developer that more music from FlyByNo is a good idea.   📺 [u]Graphics:[/u] 📺  The new hero has an animated gif portrait that is stunning. The animation is smooth and the hero looks a lot like their minor faction.  
Yes Yes Yes Yes   YES
a great DLC and btw it helps ES2 making more profits for more efforts and i agree for that !! keep it up Amplitude Studio you have my total support
One of the few developers I still love and respect.  Nice little music pack at an ultra affordable price, completely optional.
These new songs are in line with the older music and add that little extra as I do get tired of the same soundtrack after a while. ES2 is a good game. Many times I play the same games from my library just to relax and listen to the music. This is a good DLC. Nice price as well.
Still not as good as the ES1 vanilla soundtrack, but a nice re-imagining.
After like 6 years of listening to Mr. Roy music and never being dissapointed, anything he composes by now and in the future is almost a autobuy for me, even that they will probably release it in Youtube soon, "owning" the music "legaly" and in the game is almost a gift for myself worth enough the small price is asked.  If you like other music made by Arnaud, and specially if you liked ES1, you will love this.
MORE music? Take my money. Can't get enough of this soundtrack.
I've been listening to these tracks for the last two hours. Divine.
"More music from FlyByNo."  STILL all the review this will ever need.
You guys know how to make me open my wallet.
[quote][url=https://store.steampowered.com/curator/7871885/]Follow our curator page:[b] OCG-Curations[/b] if you like and want to see more reviews like this one.[/url][/quote]  [table] [tr] 	[td]Gameplay:[/td] 	[td]9/10[/td] [/tr] [tr] 	[td]Story:[/td] 	[td]9/10[/td] [/tr] [tr] 	[td]Sound:[/td] 	[td]NA/10[/td] [/tr] [tr] 	[td]Graphics:[/td] 	[td]9/10[/td] [/tr] [tr] 	[td]Game Length:[/td] 	[td]8/10[/td] [/tr] [tr] 	[td]Final Rating:[/td] 	[td]8.75/10[/td] [/tr] [/table]   👍 [u]Pros:[/u] 👍 New, multi-chapter quest More unique planets Completely new weapon modules New Empire improvements  👎 [u]Cons:[/u] 👎 None  [h1]Overview[/h1]  A small expansion that adds a new quest, and more strategic option in the form of unique planets, weapons, and empire improvements. If you want a little more variety for a small price, then this is the DLC for you.  [h1]Game Breakdown[/h1]  🎮 [u]Gameplay:[/u] 🎮  This expansion focuses most heavily on new elements of gameplay. These don’t manifest in the form of new mechanics, but instead they are small additions to multiple aspects of the game. 2 unique planets are the smallest addition from this DLC.  Unique planets can add large bonuses based upon the type of planet it is. It is for this reason that have two new unique planets to fight over is a good addition. The focus on counter play has always been a big part of Endless Space 2’s combat, but adding new weapons shakes this up a bit by creating new options. Finally, the new Empire improvements help to allow a player to specialize their systems even further. More specialization allows races to focus on what they love to do even better.   ⚙ [b]Overall:[/b]⚙  📚 [u]Story:[/u] 📚 The story of an epic quest line is quite long. Not only does it contain 14 chapters, but these chapters also provide choices which can directly affect the story. Considering the price, this is a well written quest that provides good fun throughout multiple play throughs.  🎧 [u]Sound:[/u]🎧 There were no new additional sounds added. If you want some more music, check out this DLC’s sister DLC, Harmonic Memories.  📺 [u]Graphics:[/u] 📺  All of the new additions to this small DLC have new graphical assets. The Epic quest line that was added has the most art, and I really like having some artistic context to the flavor text provided.
Anybody knows how to get these planets? I mean, I like the idea of the dlc, but I only get the quests, no new unique planets... (Which is what I was the most excited about)
It's 3 dollars for a fairly expansive major questline, a few new planets, and some damn good music. Great value for price and worth it to support the devs alone. Nice to have an extra content pack before the major Penumbra expansion. The Frenchmam do however keep making more art with mechs, playable mech faction when?
I bought this to spite the guy whinging about microtransactions. 10/10.
a great DLC and btw it helps ES2 making more profits for more efforts and i agree for that !! keep it up Amplitude Studio you have my total support
One of the few developers I still love and respect.  Nice little bundle of content here for a very affordable price.  New or extreme budget players can skip it without feeling like they've missed much while seasoned players get a tiny bit more to experience for some pocket change.  If this was Paradox DLC it would be split into four $5 DLCs.
Extra stuff for a great game at a low price? I'm in!
I know some people don't like microtransactions, but to me, this is what they should look like.  It's a quest, a few new worlds, a few new heroes, and is totally optional content.  You're really not going to be left behind if you don't pick it up, but it's a nice way for me to continue to support a studio I love while getting something nice for the price of a coffee.  Sure, I'm game!
i bought this for 2 new planets, 6 new modules, and quests.   For 2.69 not bad at all..  
This game has a lot of potential! There are way to few games you can play in local multiplayer in vr and this one could become one of the greatest. It is basically Mario Party in VR. The 6 Minigames availlable are quite fun but way to few. Since this is a pre-alpha build this is to be expected.   What makes the game kinda pointless to play at this time however is that a party game only has four rounds. There is no real way to compete in such a short time. If the devs are reading this: Please just let us choose how many rounds we want to play (5,10,20 would be good i think).   Also this game needs interaction from the non vr players during the minigames so that the games don't feel too samey.  All in all a great concept and i hope that the devs will keep on working on this.  And it is rather fun even at this state!
Now that was fun!  We had a group over and gave this game a try, and we could not get them off the game. And that includes a VR skeptic. It's an absolute blast to play, and is even fun when it's not your turn because you get to watch your friends flail around making the slack-jawed VR face. It kept us laughing, even though the competition got pretty tight for such a lighthearted game. There's a good mix of mini-games, and they are pretty well balanced. Everyone ended up with a different favorite mini-game. Everyone is hyped to come back for a re-match, so this game is going to get a workout. This is the first time I feel like I got my money's worth out of a VR game. It's got a solid Mario Party vibe to it, so if you like MP and VR, you'll love this.  Phone a friend! VR is finally a party.
Excellent wee game. Two suggestions, first inverted mouse controls which I did see were being added. Nice one. Second, maybe a game mode that changes nothing expect you have objectives aka an icon appears on screen showing TNT then you have to receive it and place at a second icon the objective. There could be others but for the most part it would be nice if you have to venture out from cover and fight towards a goal.   Anyway good job. Enjoying it.
Very entertaining. Really like the multiple styles of gameplay and the AI for skirmish/zombie modes.
Good game, but needs a way to adjust the mouse sensitivity, very hard to control as someone who is used to low sensitivity
Fun game and responsive developer, nice take on a run and gun game.
(UPDATED) Personally, I really like this game considering it was discount and really cheap. The aspects of the game that I shall list will be below. Pros: -Level design is simple yet fun -Art style is attractive, unique and charming -Decent gun play -Huge scale battles -Zombie, skirmish and campaign mode -Ultra graphics straight up looks gorgeous, at least to me. Great: -Much more choice then I expected. You are able to choose what country you can play as, what country you will verse, where you want to spawn on a map, various map choices, tells you how large a map is, map choices for zombies, you can even select to have the AI being dumb. Cons: -Gun play ranges from pretty good to sorta bad, however, it is more arcadey and fun to play. -Map can feel empty especially in buildings. Horrible: -The spawning absolutely sucks, it is so bad. The enemies can spawn among a large group of your allies and the same can occur with you. They spawn in ridiculous bunches and I can only hope the developers fix this. Conclusion: Great game that I really like as a shooter and WWII shooter. Very simple and you play against bots that does not feel stale. Really recommend for WWII fans. However, it is not as detailed compared to other wwII shooters.   Keep up the good work developer.  (UPDATED NOTES) I don't know if it is because the game's engine was upgraded, but the game is now sooooooooooooooooooooooo smooth in gameplay, there is almost no lag. However, I did pick up that there was a bug with the texture of the pistol. Love the update to adjust mouse  senstivity. Hope this does attract more people to the game.
I'm a huge fan of WW2 games, and when I saw this on sale for 2 bucks, I didn't expect much. Generally a low price matched with unity means a terrible product.   But then I loaded in, and realized how wrong I was.   This game is a bucket of fun. Now it doesn't have depth to the level of Red Orchestra, but it feels GOOD. Gunplay feels sound, the effects and sound design is pleasant, and its got charm. You can tell by the way it has little jokes sprinkled into the menus ala Id Software style, or the goofy sense of humor the game has overall, that the man behind this put actual effort into it.   It may not have rebindable keys. It might have a few performance issues. And yes, sometimes soldiers can randomly get spawned next to an enemy squad.   But hot damn, its more heartfelt than BFV.   Consider it a popcorn game, grab some snacks, and mess around with bot settings and have a good laugh at the absurdity of it all.
Not without a few issues but I enjoyed playing this . Agree with other reviewers that this should be EA , but for a fun game its pretty good . Hitbox a bit frustrating . If you want a serious battlefield game then possibly not for you , want a laugh and got a few quid to spare worth a punt .
Update: I repurchased the game at 2.55$ cad and it was worth it. Game is worth 5$.  If it was EA at least I might have given it a positive review. The game design is nice and there is a lot of weapons but it has too many flaws at the moment to be playable.   Pros - Campaign was fun. -  Lots of guns - Nice graphics - Lots of different armies  Cons: - Not EA - Bad hitbox - Animation is terrible zombies slide on the floor and just run at you. - Laggy - Mouse movement is terrible - Game is not optimized - Spawns are bad - AI is a joke.
Pros: + Love the graphics personally. + You can choose between the campaign, skirmish and zombies. + Pretty well optimized. + The battles are huge.  Cons: - You can easily leave the maps boundaries in some maps. - In some cases, an enemy NPC spawned out of the map, making it impossible to win. - Player spawning position should be looked at, AI´s spawnrape you in Normandy East. - Can´t access settings meanwhile in a game.  NOTE: For everybody thinking about buying this game, remember that it has been just released so there will be some bugs for now.
For some reason it is not saying I have the DLC When I do HELP?
My jam for the rest of the month for sure.
its hard at first, but when you play more and more you get the hang of it and soon you can make really good animations! i love making animations and posting them to youtube. I would recommend this to anyone!
If I were to ever use the expresion "a diamond in the rough" to describe a piece of software; it would be this. It is definitley rough but a true gem nontheless! Regardless, if you have no prior experience in animation or if you're a seasoned industry pro (that would normally turn your nose up at this kind of thing) I believe there is something here for everyone to enjoy and appreciate. Heck, you should get it even if you just want to entertain yourself with nonsensical, incoherent but hilarious (and at times, beautiful) animations. I can already tell, if you put the time (and your heart) into it... You will undoubtely create something interesting if not quite special. If I may say, it is "Gumby" for the new age! So what the fuck are you waiting for?! BUY IT NOW
After a few initial hiccups and me not understanding what I was doing, I was able to make a brief animation via Atlantia Animation.  It's a nice app that makes animating basic characters easy, as they are prefabbed, yet adjustable.  Colors and body shapes can be edited, Open source and free-to-use TTS voices aplenty.  Easy to go from extremely normal to bizarre animations by affixing new heads to the original body (although the moving mouths won't be visible if they're covered).  This app can be used for all sorts of animation projects.  Fun and extremely easy to use.  I would recommend it.
Was considering refunding this when I discovered the bugs in it made it unusable in some cases. But seeing that it just came out a few days ago, I contacted the dev about the issues. Very simple fixes and with updates on the way, it made me change my mind and keep it.   The tutorials basically explain how to do everything and you get a decent amount of objects to work with starting off as well as customizing the characters too. Looking forward to adding my own objects soon as a later update but other than that, this is pretty simple to use and has plenty of potentional for those wanting to get into basic animation.
I really enjoyed playing with this.  Animation can be difficult and time consuming and this tool really streamlines making funny videos.  The Canadian voice is halarious and I've been having fun playing with animating the characters.
(Edit) I've decided to turn this review into an early access blog that will help people decide if they want to buy this  Day 1 of release:  This is such a great tool. It's so varying in range. You could make a Surreal Entertainment video, or you could make an actual thing that is good, if you try. pc probs needed - basically a potato would work, other than the rendering. Graphics - what you see is what you get Bugs - pretty buggy, but it just went into early access today.  Day 2:  Ok, there is a fairly large bug that I already posted in discussions, but my computer has been loading a project for 24 hours, and it's getting ridiculous. I'm not saying this is bad software, I mean, it's only been on early access for two days. Comment in the discussions if you've had the same issue.
Love it
Time Splatter is an on-rails FPS. The shotgun seems a bit glitchy, when trying to fire off shots. Sometimes, it just doesn't respond to my mouse clicks. Other than that, I don't have much to complain about. This isn't a bad game, but it isn't much of a game, to begin with. It's very short. I beat it in about 12 minutes, getting all 15 achievements, in the process. I guess this is just episode 1, with more episodes to follow. I paid just .49 cents for it, so I really can't complain.
completed this game in 5 minutes something.  I like it and want to play more chapters ,it's very cheap  bought it to support the dev so that they can release chapter 2 and 3.  I am a huge fan of on-rail shooter ,like house of the dead series, Virtual Cop series. If you are a fan like me ,you can give it a try.
Make more chapters please, the game is way to SHORT.  It's not the worst game you can buy at this price, unfortunatly it ends after about 10 minutes :( 
I like the game, it's good for something on the Unity Engine. However, I think there either needs to be a sensitivity slider, and the difficulty needs to be upped a little. Also, maybe more achievements because I managed to get all 15 within 20 minutes. If you guys plan on adding more maps, and some of them happen to be longer than the first, I would also suggest maybe a checkpoint system. It's also a little confusing starting out, so maybe hints/a tutorial would suffice. On the other hand I figured it out quickly, so this might not be necessary. I grabbed it on sale for 0.49 cents, and I think it was enjoyable for that price. Otherwise, I grabbed it on sale for 0.49 cents, and I think it was enjoyable for that price, I hope to see more.
Good game.
Good game but i dont feel the hard game
A completely fine dirt-cheap on-rails shooter, well optimized, which appreciated for a game on Unity. My only issue is that you don't need to change weapons at all, because the first gun you have is the best in the game. It's quick and it doesn't need to reload, so other weapons just suck in comparison. And the game is too short and easy, I have a half a brain, so I stuck in this at 25 minutes, but a normal human being would complete this within 5 minutes probably. I'll be waiting for more levels, cause right now it feels like I went through some kind of tutorial for real game.
This Game Has Truely Turned My Life Around, Before I Was On The Street With Nothing But Then A Man Approched Me And handed me a Usb with Time Splater on it. I Went into the Library and downloaded it. It took me over 200 atempts to complete the game but after i made it to the end of the dungon an angle came down from heaven above and gifted me 20 Petit small animea girls all to my self. I then sold my girls to brothels and made a nice profit i was then able to pruchase a small condom bussiness. Unfortunitly one of my orginal anemea girls got pregnent and made me keep the child but to my luck the child shat pure gold. I then sent the child to africa to be used a gold mine. With the money i made i bought my self a masion and i am now living as a millionair bit i never forget the game the gave me my playboy lifestyle.
This is an interesting game.  There is no movement control, so you have to shoopt quick, but it is fun!
Runs well on ubuntu. Played in a potato pc too and ran well enough. Speaks marvels.  The images on the loading screen showing you how to play didn't show unless they didn't have anything and were black squares. But my guess is that this is linux related. Good thing the gameplay is not rocket science. So.....lets wait for more chapters.
Its cool. I'll be waiting for more chapters.
Its good but it has only one chapter of three and there are a couple issues on launch, but nothing game breaking soo far.  The game may be a little too easy, but yet again it is only the first chapter. For less than a dollar, the future of this game looks bright. And may be even better if the next chapters are free lol.
It looks interesting, but the levels are not enough
The second part is as good as the third, so I advise!
I really do like this simple yet effective game. I really really wish they would expand the game and make more levels though. Still give it 4.5/5
The second part of the puzzle about the figures, in principle, there are no significant differences, insignificant ones that do not particularly change the gameplay, as well as before
An interesting game, but you need more levels !!!
good puzzle advise
gg wp
Look like indie good puzzle
cool looks, and it is played interestingly, it is a pity that there are few levels
the second part of the minimalist puzzle using physics I would like more levels otherwise everything is fine
ahahhah this is the most difficult part, neither the first nor the third, this part is the most difficult
[h1]Slicing geometric structures[/h1] Exactly the same game like the first part. But now with segmented spheres, rhombics and triangles. The green cube must stay on the platform for 5 secs, limited moves, partly quite unfair.
+ simple gameplay physics variability minimalism  - music few opportunities
not a bad game for this price
Full Game 100% - Done
logical game and physical figures
+++/5
good game but especially nothing has changed, new difficult levels have been added and a couple of figures
A+ game, so much fun. The DLC makes more of a good thing great.
The title does not lie.
This game is great. Shame i gather itll get boring after a few goes but for the price its a great game and something to always come back too..
nice
The music in Wandersong is absolutely fantastic. Hard for me to pin down my favourite tracks in this volume but I'll edit my review after I take a second listen
All the music in this game slaps but the second half is especially good! Wandersong, The King of Hearts, Nightmare King, The Baron, Chismet, ect are all so so good! The extra and alternative songs are interesting too but I think this is worth it for the base music tracks alone
Amazing like this game!
Well-written and thought-provoking sci-fi story. The 3-D environments really add to the ambiance and push it above the typical kinetic novel. Really looking forward to their next project, and hopefully more people find and experience this one.
Interesting dialogues between the characters, and their place in this alternate future. The future of robotics and artificial life's acceptance as autonomous beings is an interesting thought in itself. The storyline itself is easy enough for most people to grasp; no understanding of astronomy or robotics required!  Very straightforward story telling. Wastes no time with much extraneous dialogue. Easy to put on "Auto" and just coast along. Sometimes if you read the monitor screens ingame, there are strange Latin phrases. I have not had the chance to decipher much of them, but it would be cool to feature a part of the game that translates them!  Great work for a single person to undertake. Any complaints would be minor. I wish more people knew about this gem.    
A very good science fiction game that, as other reviews have said, does not seem too far from reality-or the near future. Emotional, drama filled story telling at its best.  Good sound track, generally a feel-good game.  Worth playing through once.
This is a moving story presenting very real issues to do with humanoid robotics in regard to human desire to conquer - let alone conquer space. I literally found myself glued to the edge of my chair, very inspired and yet left with quite a lump in my throat.  Great art, character expressions that fully support the story and it's moods.  I thoroughly recommend this.
Not a game but a visual novel. Very interesting Sci F story about nature of humanity and robotic life. A few typos and a few errors with english language but overall a very good story and well worth the entry price. I got nearly 5 hours out of this story so well worth it.  Scrapland 7182
This is a game where you solve slider puzzles (4 × 4) of the girls from the game Waifu Bay Resort. While a good cooling-off game, there isn’t much more to it than that. Note: the Swimming Pool girl’s summer and spring outfits are reversed for the achievements/unlocks…  Buy on discount.
Beating Spitkiss requires precision and quick reaction, just like spitting on people in real life. It's short, moderately difficult and fun. The story is a pure cuteness overload. Can't recommend enough to those who enjoy killing a couple of hours with adorable brainteasers.
Great Game!   SpitKiss looks great sounds great, and like all of the best games has hidden depth to the game play that is required you learn to 100% the game plus levels! It's totally worth a buy!!   The only down side is the controls with the mouse can take a bit of getting used to. Oh yeah and don't try googling Spit Kiss like I did. Fortunately no one was around. They have a bit of an SEO problem :P
A very cute and charming game.  Not too challenging, but a lot of fun.
A lovely tale of loving two people with incredibly cute illustrations. The gameplay is fun, and the difficulty and way the gameplay elements are designed match what's happening in the story in very smart ways. Some levels are infuriatingly hard, but then again, so is loving multiple people at the same time :)
Best spitkissing game I've ever played!
Very awesome unique game! Had a greate pleasure solving those assembler puzzles. I wish it lasted a lot longer: completed it on Switch pretty quickly, just decided to buy in Steam to express my delight to the author and also to play in the level editor, which is missing on Switch. I have lots of ideas of my own puzzles to implement on this mechanic :) As for the final recommendation, I think not everybody will like such game. If you are a programmer of some kind, I think you will certainly like it, but if you are completely unfamiliar with coding and related stuff, such as computer architecture and binary logic, you'll probably not highly appreciate it. But it definitely deserves a like from me ;)
Never loved a game character as much as the Rogue Bit.
This game is absolutely brilliant. My only problem is that it felt very short and left me wanting more puzzles just as I felt I was beginning to understand the way everything worked but well worth the money if you like puzzle games that get you to think outside the box.
This is a maze/puzzle game, and I am recomending it on that basis, from my very short play time I think it's actually a pretty decent one, planning and thought are required. However I expected a different game with a different goal based on the preview video so I am returning this game. Take this all as you will.
This game is great. I can only recommend giving it a try. It gets quite difficult after a while, but it is super rewarding, once you figure out the solution :)
Nice little game. Story is a bit short (2.9hrs for me)
this is one of the most unqiue games i've seen that uses computer logic to its advantage  you are going to look at assembly-like code and modifing adresses with the one bit you have to either make sense of how to progress or to randomly bullshit your way through a situation  you have everything you need from the start to understand how to get through every scenario and you might luck out as well  it's a nice little game that is worth its money
A short, but very cleverly designed game. You are 1, a single bit travelling around in computer memory. You take advantage of simple running programs to make your way through the maze, and eventually you XOR yourself into the program instructions to alter their code. Gradually, the programs get more complex. First, you will need to make sense of them and then decide how to hack them.  A cute geeky game with a very interesting mechanism that's well worth the time.
Great game! I have no experience with the kind of stuff the game has you use. I was able to figure it out with a little math. Just a word of advice, dont just cheese your way through the firt half, because you can basically just ram your bit against walls and proceed. However, you will not gain vital information on how to play the game later. I had to go back and replay the first half and pay more attention.
I really enjoyed this game! I loved the concept and I think it's been executed very well.
Amazingly well done! The cuteness of the single bit, all alone inside the  giant machine, trying desperately to escape using only its power to XOR with other memory (without accidentally wiping itself out), as you valliantly  try to help it escape by making sense of the many arcane and curious  algorithms running a single step each time the little bit tries to move.  I love how screens show the single bit moving into the register and  reappearing elsewhere in the vast memory after the instruction. It definiely takes some time to get used to how things work in this  strange ASCII-art world. I think I'll need to start over from the beginning  to drill all the new concepts into my head.  The game works great on nVidia Surround with three screens.  Is this a game, or some kind of gateway drug to hacking code?  The ASCII table that gets displayed when holding down  the "X" botton could be made a lot bigger (to fill the screen), or perhaps even fill all three screens on a Surround system,  as it's a little small for peering at. It might be nice to also have an option to use all-uppercase for all the hexadecimal values.  By the way, there's a typo on the first screen: "alphabeth" should be "alphabet".  I'm not sure if there's some way you could have an introduction to counting in binary earlier on, perhaps demonstrating how you can count a lot higher on your fingers if you use binary than if you use decimal (using each finger to represent a power of two).
I JUST HAD A GEEKGASM!!  This Game is AWESOME!!!!! It involves assembler, which I'm not fluid in, but man, this dev REALLY made up some NICE GEEKY PUZZLES!  If you like computers, BUY THIS, you'll learn so much!
The game is based on a very original and cleverly simple idea. Everybody who likes the machine langue programming puzzles of Zachtronics and Tomorrow Corporation should check this out.
Very cool and interesting.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-Mfrs07xK0
just finished this and i think it's wonderful love the concept, it combines a roguelike with a hacking game, with a bit magically gaining consciousness and desiring to escape  though it's not a typical roguelike: it's a puzzle game and you don't have to worry dying from a single misstep and have to start over, as there is no way to die  the levels design is cute, clever, whimsical, with ASCII art somewhat reminiscent of ZZT—i found none of the puzzles were extremely hard or a lot of work to solve, though with one i might have lucked out  i was sad that the game ended somewhat sooner than expected—BUT considering the price, the length is reasonable
This is a tremendously fun little game with a lot of spunk. It looks a bit like an old rogue-like, but is a short puzzle game. The conciet is that you are a 7th position bit (01000000) or @ in ascii, which can move around the memory of a computer by XORing into adjacent bytes. There's a neat little programming language that runs little scripts throughout the game, whose commands and arguments are one or two bytes. So by jumping into the bytes that store the programs, you can alter/hack them, and solve the game's puzzles.  Think of it as a bit of a hands-on walk through an old 8-bit CPU, from the inside. Almost as though you're mucking around with the internals of a NES.  If you love zacklikes, or human resouce machine then this is different, definitely worth a spin, particularly if you're looking to be eased into thinking about how programs and memory interface.  There's now a hex/binary/ascii/decimal table within the game and a link so that you can RTFM if, like me, the in-game reminders of how basic cpus work weren't quite detailed enough.  I really enjoyed it; highly recommend.
The concept is very interesting : you are a single bit (01000000b or '@') walking inside computer memory.   You cannot go everywhere : there are some obstacles. The goal is to find a way to reach the next zone by getting rid of those.  Additionally, you will also have to hack some programs.   Game is really short but on the otherside it's really cheap so I won't complain. Music is just horrible. There is only one soundtrack. It sounds like those cheap "hidden objects" puzzle games. It deserves better. I just turn if off after 5 min.
I've only played for an hour or so but so far this is looking pretty interesting. The main mechanic of altering bytes by XORing yourself into them makes for some puzzles that you wouldn't find anywhere else.  I did feel like I was just guessing my way through some of the puzzles, but I think that's probably because I was being lazy and I could get away with it. No doubt that won't last long ;)
It's a cool game. :3
This is a great game.  It has a steampunk style to it. Even though the story is intereting it's a bit vague at the very beginning but it unfolds as the game progresses. There are a varity of puzzles and HOs. The graphics are wonderfully done and the voice acting excellent.    I can say I was impressed with this game. Artifex Mundi has delivered another game game,  which appears will possibly be a series. (The bonus chapter ending hints at this). I really liked the steampunk feel, a nice change from the gloomy, dark hidden object adventures on the market right now.   I recommend this game.
https://youtu.be/qSgQ4y2mO1c  In no way was I expecting to actually like this game, or have fun playing it. I was beyond surprised. Despite some aspects being insanely obnoxious and a lack of any options menu, there's a lot of mini-games aside the main focus of putting a brick in a washing machine and avoidung death for sity seconds.  The real surprise was the labyrinth section. It got more jump scares out of me than Five Nights at Freddy's ever did. It's a very tense atmosphere, and I definitely plan to come back to it and attempt to escape. The only one that did not interest me was the last game where it tells you to jump, but I could never clear any of the obstacles.  You can check out everything the game has to offer in the video above.
this game is good but the thing is that the third level is hard and i cant beat the level 
Fantastic music Although it seems that after buyting it's the only songs that actually play during gameplay regardless of culture or religion
The best music pack for ck2 released so far.
I'm not even a fan of CK2's other metal stuff they've put out, but this is worth it, by far.
Any time I play CK now I always find myself skipping towards these songs. It's just AWESOME. And its on Spotify!!!!! <3
It's good.
Curse you, Paradox! You know I can't not give you money for every little dlc you put out! But seriously, 4 songs is not nearly enough. The game needs more music!  EDIT: wow, did not expect the music to be THAT good
I give a toast to this song with the skull of my rival :)
Finally something more folksy. 
I really liked the songs, very appropriate for when doing pagan stuff.
Love their music, i'm glad to pay for this type of music and content for the game <3 love you all paradox and pagan fury,keep up the good work <3
Move over fa la la la di lay its time for La La lej.
I'm always a fan of new awesome music coming to Crusader Kings II. Pagan Fury does not disappoint. Pagan Fury has a unique sound that, although certainly not period music, fits in well with the atmosphere of the game. I'm looking forward to hearing them release new songs for the CKII soundtrack in the future.
10/10, would trade my kingdom for a horse again.
These songs are wonderful and immersive and give you a true feeling of glory and power when you conquer or raid but also give you the most amazing music to listen to in the quiet moments. I highly recommend this dlc and hope to see more Pagan Fury soon. Awesome choice Paradox!
I might be interested in more.
These songs fit my taste of music.
An excelent addition to your in game playlist. They fit right in and every time they roll around its a highlight to the in-game soundtrack.   If your unsure have a look on yourtube for Pagan Fury, they have one of the tracks on thier official channel.
Excellent music.
Perhaps the best music dlc paradox has put out. I think 4 dollars for 4 songs is a fair price, and it fits nicely into the game as well (especially if you play as a pagan or Christian).
I like the music and I think it fits in well enough with the game's atmosphere. You can find one of the four songs on youtube to see if it's something you'd enjoy.
It is "just" four songs, each 4-ish minutes long. It is very specific kind of music, quite different from others I would say - but considering the price I would say it is a decent deal. Basicaly, what you see is what you get :-)  I have yet to hear it ingame, but based on previous music pack, it is often refreshing to hear different music. If you are collector of CK2 packs and/or know and like the band, I recommend.   Otherwise though... but this apply to any music pack anyways.
Love this band. You may to!
Some of the most distinct music Ck2 has gotten so far!
Interesting gameplay, with strategically challenging puzzles. However, having finished in under 50 minutes, I am sorely disappointed by the lack of content. The Developer could either spend a bit more time making additional levels, or add a procedural generator which would create infinite variations of the levels, for those who want more gameplay.
A unique gem in a sea of token RPGMaker projects.   The characters are much different than you'd expect, and that helps this game stand out. The menu is more detailed than expected, as well as the battle system being polished (skills and abilities have "story weight" appropriate to the characters and setting); meaning, a lot of love was given to this game that the player is more likely to enjoy. I'd like to see more of this series myself.
The game is short but surprisingly nuanced. I enjoyed the topic discussed, and it approaches bullying from an angle I think most explorations of bullying ignore.  The translation is good, I didn't have any trouble understanding it.  Good game, worth the price.
this game is very hard even on the middle level but at the same time this game is kind of funny
And they say i have no life? Fools, I have the best life!
As for me, the game is very interesting. I recommend it to everyone.
better than before, worth the support, keep up the good work dev. need more update and variety of upgrades
Dang it this game is very challenging the more you progress. If you hate DarkSouls, leave this game.
Magical Monster Land has the solid foundations to be a good casual Platformer, albeit a bit generic. Only two worlds (only the first is finished) are available at this time, running about an hour of playtime realistically. With that in mind, its hard to say where the game will go from here. There is a massive amount of work ahead for the single developer to complete and flesh out the five-world goal.  The game is similar to the SNES era Donkey Kong Country and Super Mario 2-D platformers. Although as of now the game plays more casual version of those. The weapon power ups do trivialize the enemies to a large extent, the strength of the playable character is vastly different without them. Keep in mind these earlier worlds are intended to easy. It's hard to say how the difficult curve will develop. Notably, the first boss is a step up in difficulty compared to everything else in the game and is welcome challenge.   I’m happy to say the game works great with a Xbox-360 gamepad and I had zero problems getting it to work, and the controls can be rebound as desired.   I’m excited to see how this game develops. 
Our Childhood is back !!! and in big form !  if you like Donkey Kong and Mario this is a no brainer, just a blast of nostalgia  Developper :  -Add more worlds and more levels -Make rochet against walls more responsive -Trading cards -Achievements  PS : Controller Support Xbox 360 and Xbox one Works perfectly !!! GOOD JOB !!! KUTGW
Cute and fun but diffacult at times.  Has a nice retro feel with some nice groovy music.  Very much enjoying this  charming game.
At the time of writing this review, only 2 areas are available.   Long story short - I whole heartedly recommend this game. It's not complete, but it's certainly worth picking up and playing through, and I can only imagine the full game will be even greater.   If you've played a few Mario games you'll be pretty familiar with what's going on. Standard platforming, and holding down the attack button to run. However the game has other elements - just like in Ghosts And Goblins you can pick up armour that will tank one hit, and the powerups/weapons won't protect you from a hit (unlike in Mario). The hidden areas are not too hard to find, but not overly easy. The game rewards picking up a powerup later in the level backtracking to destroy obstacles. The ability to buy things from the shop is helpful, especially if you're struggling to find the last medalions.   The graphics are fantastic. I can't put my finger on it, but it reminds me of something.   My only irk so far is one that I'm not sure is the game's problem or my laptop's. I can't jump when holding Left + Run/Attack. If someone could check out if it's my or the game's problem that'd be swell.
Great platformer with lots of moments of nostalgia.  Grab it while it's still only 2 bucks.
[b]Magical Monster Land[/b] is about as good as a casual platformer can get. In terms of mechanics it does not do anything new, but what it does is very polished. It's somewhat similar to games like Super Mario, Mr.Nutz or Alex Kidd - fun but not very difficult. According to the store page we only have 8 stages which is only a small chunk from the planned content. You can beat this current Early Access in less than one hour, but overall quality makes it easy to recommend. The controls are perfect in my opinion, and the game has a lot of secrets. Even this version already has a minigame and a mine riding level, so it looks very promising.   The game also has a classic top-down level select, shops and hidden medals. Stores have several items that can make the game easier if you find it too difficult. Right now it is hard to tell how much variety will be in the final release, but I am optimistic based on what I see so far.  As far as I can tell the continues are unlimited, and frankly the developer clearly did not want the game to be punishing. Each level has a fun level design, good platforming elements and many well placed secrets. Everything in this title comes together perfectly, it's clearly made by someone that appreciates casual retro games and the design behind them.   [h1] Pros: [/h1]  + good controls / smooth movement + can rebind controller and keyboard + CRT effect + nice animation + lots of secrets + fair difficulty   [h1] Cons: [/h1]  - ¯\_(ツ)_/¯   [b] Early Access State: (updated on 16/Oct/2018) [/b]  So far this casual platformer is perfect in terms of gameplay, despite lacking most of its content. For $2 I am very happy to participate in this Early Access regardless of what may happen. If the developer finish all 5 maps, very good deal for anything under $10 (based on quality). It seems to me that most players are not looking for this kind of game anymore, but if you love those simple platformers from the past, it is definitely worth it.  [code]For more hidden gems: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/31294838-Hidden-Gem-Discovery/ [/code]
I really enjoyed this game, I'd recommend it to anyone who is a big fan of platformers like myself.
It unashamedly wears the influences from Mario and and the Donkey Kong series on it's sleeve and mechanically it feels like a balance of the two. You get a little more running speed and more height on the jump, which - combined with the springs and jumps populating the world - give it a speedy flow, distinguishing it from the aforementioned titles. When you can't buy Mario or DK on Steam, emulating Mario and DK is not the worst thing. This is the closest experience I've found to it, and that put that put a smile on my face.  The game encourages lots of exploration with hidden walls and doors, and is quite rewarding when you find them. Music is perhaps the only thing that lacks a little. It's not bad, but when the game stands up to Mario and DK mechanically, the music can feel lacking.  All in all if this had 10x more content it could be my favourite 2D platformer on steam. Mechanics are fluid, level design and power-ups are awesome. As it stands it's a solid and polished experience reminiscent of old classic platforming titles, it just need more content.
I enjoyed it.
I like this game a lot. I am glad I paid the hefty price for it. I like to come home after work, explore some, fight some, make some progress. I dont mind the single player aspect. I like the graphics. I recommend this pc version.
This game is a lot of fun. It's very different that other games out there so there was a little time to get adjusted to how it works. But so far I really enjoy it. There is some repetitivity but it's not really that bad. The story so far is pretty good. I don't know what the hook is yet but some reason I like playing it every day. I am happy that Ubisoft finally brought the game to steam. I only wish it had been sooner!
So far it seems like a promising game and from the little time I played I enjoyed it very much. It's like No mans sky only more fluid and arcade fun. The dlc's like always are unnecessary cash grab from the house of Ubisoft..
star fox, no man sky , and sky landers  where merged together this would be pretty close to what you would get. DLC are a bit high but not needed to enjoy the game . Voice acting and the story line are not disappointing at all
Story : It has one. Graphics : Servicable on Ultra considering Switch game. Sound: Alright, I mean it. Good voice acting. Performance - Smooth as butter on my i9 9900K with an RTX 2080 on Ultra settings.  DLC's : Available, extra pilots/ships/weapons - Not necessary for full enjoymnent of game. Buy in sale.  The deluxe version includes DLC Collection Pack 1 only.  Imagine Far Cry type game on a planet/space scale in a 'Starfox' universe , you're there!  SpaceKat Gaming gives 8 out of 10 cats.
So far I'm liking this, kinda reminds me a lot of No Man's Sky and Star Fox Assault. Anyways my only thought on what could be changed is the price even just a little but other than that I've got no problems playing the game, graphics are nice and the alien characters are pretty cool too. :)
Best  game since first Rayman from this mediocre publisher.
So far great game. Runs great in 4K!  Will update review when I have a few more hours :D
AWESOME game its like a shooter only with spaceships many planets u can fly or hover on planets ur chose u got 2 guns at start 1 at each wing so u can choose like freezing weapon on 1 wing and fire on other so u can freeze enemy first then flame it and there is lot of loots called mods that improve your weapons there is a story line with cutscenes it feeels new gameplay my new favorite game this year its not like any other game finnaly something diffrent very enjoyable combat  freezing missile launcher is so cool they home on targets u aim at u can shoot like 6 at a time or some and there is no ammo needit just som overheat limit meaning u can shoot like 6 missiles quickly 5 times or the vortex launcher shoot something and a bubble appears around it making all enemys stuck and take damage overtime then shoot with freezing missiles and it will say freezing vortex...... there are lots of puzzle missions u can change weapons when ever you feel like it in middle of combat there are like 10 of them to switch between gatling guns shotguns railguns each planet has tons of diffrent things to do repitive sure but there are like 10 diffrent things of repitive stuff to do there is even a planet that makes u race........ the loot the mods can do so many diffrent things like give u more speed so your going super fast around....... i am so bored of those shooters that ur some hero walking around slowly headshotting things in this one u can go super fast it feels great going fast around i am just like wooooooooooooohoooooo when i am traveling around hate my typos if u want i dont care  but this game is finnaly something diffrent space farcry ship game
I'm enjoying this a lot.  It's not a huge, complex game, but it is fun and somewhat addictive.  It strikes at the heart of my love for space exploration.  It reminds me of a kind of stripped down version of Terraria (a game I love).  I would call it a casual game, even though it is somewhat challenging.  I like how it has some basic rules of play and it throws you in without wasting time with cut scenes and unecessary story-telling.  With that said, I think it could stand a little more in terms of lore, even it it is just occasional massages coming from your ship, or base or something.    I lke the upgrade system.  It's nice to see your character level up every once in a while.  I do think the leveling up would be better if it happened somewhat less frequently, but with greater boosts.  As it is, it is hard to notice the incremental changes that happen to your different skills.  Reducing the number of boosts, but increasing their power would make leveling up more satisfying.    I really enjoyed finishing my first planet too.  For the price this is a fun little game.
The art style, music and sounds make me feel like I am in a sci-fi movie from the 80s. There is a lot of combat but it also feels a lot like exploring a planet with alien plants and disgusting creatures. Finishing my first planet took about 1 hour. After exploring for a while I found a creepy cave with the, lets call it, "last piece of DNA" in it. That was kind of unexpected and I am curious what other hidden things there are on other planets! (It is not supported but I am actually playing on Linux and it works perfectly!) PS: ♥ the dog
[h1]Summary[/h1]  A simple, isometric puzzle game with chill music, minimalistic graphics and an overall charming feeling to it.  [h1]In detail[/h1]  In Hiding Spot, you play a nameless character and your goal is to enter rooms in a multistory building and figure out how to arrange the grid-based furniture layout in them in a way where you're covered from all six sides. The furniture and the room layouts to do so in get more complex the higher you climb in the building.  Although the graphics are not super detailed there is something charming about them. The game doesn't really have a story unless you come up with one yourself, but as an office worker I could somehow relate to the "completing a room" -animation, where your nameless character huddles up in a fetal position under the furniture and the camera zooms out. The chill ambient music and SFX fit the mood nicely.  I found the challenge of the puzzles and the way the difficulty ramped up suitable for a person like me who normally doesn't play puzzle games apart from the occasional point & click -adventures. For the most part the game does a good job teaching you by example how you can use any single furniture before requiring it to be used in combination with others.  I'm not ashamed to admit that I gave each room a decent amount of time of attempting to figure out the solution by myself, but looked up from a guide what I was missing if I felt like I wasn't making progress and it was starting to get frustrating. In the end I think it was a total of three rooms where I resorted to that, out of which two were just me being dumb and one that probably would've made me stop playing altogether instead of completing the game. There were still plenty of rooms where I got the rewarding feeling of figuring out the solution to a puzzle after a struggle.  [h1]Recommendation[/h1]  The game provides a solid few hours of contained puzzles to solve; maybe more or less depending how quickly you figure stuff out and if you don't mind playing through it the way I did. It's also quite cheap so I can recommend trying it out even if puzzle games are normally not your thing.
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
You should try this game if you are a puzzle game fan. Has excellent machanic. But this game is not for everyone.
This game is a fantastic addition to the 3D sokoban genre! It acheives a great deal of complexity with very few mechanics and a small amount of space. Each puzzle is deliberately constructed to illustrate a new idea, and many will succeed in tricking you. It shares many good traits with Stephen's Saugage Roll. While SSR is a feast, Hiding Place is a reasonable lunch, yet is just as satifsying.
a brilliant sokoban game, should try
Great, short, challenging puzzle game by the dev of Pipe Push Paradise. In contrast to the former, most of the levels here are really small. In a game about hiding due to anxiety, it seems apt to call them "claustrophobically small", even. In contrast to Sokoban, you can both push and pull furniture (blocks) here, so the constraints and solutions are really different. Some furniture even reacts in special ways to pulling or pushing: tables can be turned over, and drawers can be pulled out of a closet.  I particularly liked the fact that to solve a puzzle, you have to establish a hiding spot (be surrounded on all sides by the furniture plus walls and level borders). Notably, IIRC this hiding spot is unique in most but not all levels; you've solved the level once you find *any* valid hiding spot with the sparse furniture at hand. Block-pushing puzzlers usually have unique solutions, so I wonder if puzzle mechanisms like this could eventually open the door towards hybrid games whose puzzles go a bit in the direction of Zachtronics-style optimisation games (i.e. there's a clear win condition, but tons of potential solutions which fulfill this win condition; or there could be several potential hiding spots in a single level, with varying degrees of difficulty).  Anyway, I enjoyed this game! A few of the puzzles were a bit too hard for me (I needed hints or solutions for 6/55 puzzles), and I personally prefer Pipe Push Paradise, but I also had a good time with this game.
Easy recommendation for anyone who liked Pipe Push Paradise, or other sokoban style games (SSR, YAPP, etc). I had to look up the soloutions to a couple rooms. Really good price too!
The concept is simple: build yourself a hiding spot with furniture.  However, there is a surprising amount of depth here, and the puzzles, aesthetic, and music are fantastic.  This is an absolute steal at the asking price for any puzzle game fan.
This is a super cool sokoban game with a very satisfying twist! The puzzles are refreshing. I liked almost everything about the game. There's little to criticize.  If puzzles are too hard for you then just watch me beating the game blind https://www.twitch.tv/videos/329957893
Hiding Spot does not look like much but, MAN, do appearances deceive in this case! I can (and feel the irresistable urge to) wholeheartedly recommend this fine game to any and all lovers of minimalistic puzzle games!!!  The game contains 55 isometric puzzle rooms and the premise of each room is to move furniture around so that you are entirely hidden from view in the smallest possible area. There are around five or six furniture pieces, each with their own special motion/puzzle mechanic, and while the introductory puzzles for each furniture piece are really well designed to make you familiar with the particularities of that one furniture, later levels in the game force you to combine special features of one furniture piece with features of others ... and that can really make your brain melt :) All in all, every level is really well developed and makes perfect use of the available area.  It took me close to six hours to complete all puzzles and I gotta say that I am happy that there is no guide available yet. I really struggled with four puzzle and was all ready to give up on them. But I kept going and I think that the final at least two hours went into these four puzzles (plus the final rooftop puzzle). It was very satisfying to eventually find the solutions to those puzzles all on my own and, even though I contemplate creating a guide for this game, I strongly recommend not to use it ;)  Now go and buy this game!!!! It's only 1.59€ ... real bargain!
Great puzzle game.  The conotrol scheme takes a bit of getting used to but it's neat how a bunch of difficult puzzles come out of  very simple mechanics.
Really good take on the sokoban-like genre. Well worth the price.
Hiding Spot is a 3D Sokoban puzzle game (read: moving things around) in which the goal is to surround yourself from all directions with office furniture (and walls). There are more interactions than simply pushing and pulling objects, but because the discovery of such nuances is integral to enjoying these types of games, I will refrain from listing specific examples. Just know that they are there.  The game usually introduces a new concept with each set of puzzles, which not only creates a nice sense of progression, but also allows the puzzles to remain simple in design and small in scope despite steadily increasing in difficulty. Still, I have to wonder just how much Pipe Push Paradise and Stephen's Sausage Roll have increased my adeptness at solving these types of puzzles, because I was able to complete Hiding Spot in no more than three hours.  The price point is lower than the aforementioned games I'm using for comparison, and I think that's more or less appropriate for what you'll receive. It's in the same style as those games, and retains the same ingenuity, but feels smaller-scale, almost like the difference between a short story and a novel. I think this makes it approachable to those who may be interested in 3D Sokoban puzzles but want to attempt an inexpensive title before spending, say, $30 on Stephen's Sausage Roll. Of course, I can also recommend this to genre fans with the caveat that it's probably not as monumental as what they've likely already played, and perhaps not quite as challenging (read: rewarding).  I want to mention that I appreciate how the theme of isolation not only provides an interesting twist on the typical goal of Sokoban games (push something into a target space), but also provides more interesting context to the puzzles than simply pushing boxes in a warehouse. I should add that there is an undo button to rewind any mistakes, even long strings of moves if necessary, so you're not forced to reset the puzzle after a mis-press (though there is a reset button if needed).
As with any object moving puzzle game, it is not for everyone. But if you do enjoy this niche genre, the [i] Hiding Spot [/i] is somewhat unique and relatively challenging. Instead of solving some generic puzzle to advance, you are trying to surround yourself with a furniture, to hide from that cruel world outside. I think the game has a very relatable concept, I don't know about you, but I hide between my fridge and table all the time (I got my laptop here and I am never coming out!). To be honest, I might just be too stupid to beat this game, but based on the number of stages and difficulty, I would say it will take over 5 hours to finish.  The game has a good difficulty and mechanical progression, although it takes practice to understand how everything works. You can reverse time and quickly reset the level which is a good feature for any puzzle game in this format. As you move toward higher floors, it will introduce new pieces of furniture that will make the puzzles more complex. I found the rooms to be very creative, even the most simple looking stages can be super hard to figure out. You have to think vertically and horizontally to find a solution. Surprisingly the game has a very enjoyable ambiance, which makes this experience somewhat relaxing.     [h1] Pros: [/h1]  + fun twist on the boring format + creative puzzles, very challenging + nice atmosphere / enjoyable ambiance  + decent amount of stages  [h1] Cons: [/h1]  - I don't dislike anything in particular, but I wish it had a little bit of psychological narrative between the floors. It does not have anything to break the constant head scratching. While the puzzles are fun, the game does not give much to look forward to.   [b] Overall Thoughts: 7/10 [/b]  Solid puzzle game with a neat concept and good atmosphere. Not exactly the most exciting game out there, but it's better than most of the similar games in this price range.  [code]For more hidden gems: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/31294838-Hidden-Gem-Discovery/ [/code]
This RPGmaker game can stand face to face with the likes of Ib and other vgperson-translated works thanks to its very unique artstyle, selfmade art and music. Sadly for english players this game suffers from a pretty shaky localization with textboxes being too small for the english text to fit, some minor signs and sadly some dialogues being still in chinese. That is if you get it to run by various means of specific chinese traditional unicode locale change, font installs and whatnot. It is a great story to experience but I wish the developer would give this and future projects some more care for the non chinese players.
nice
I loved to hate this game. There are so much you can object to in this game when it comes to design and choices the devs made. Ultimately I still give it a pass since I feel it suits the game. As a no fucks given game it will screw the player over and not really care what you think about it.  I played it through in one go on hard and I would only recommend that to other idiots like me. By the time you get the the end of chapter four (of 5) the game ramps up and presents some new ways of messing with the player.  It might be cheese instashooting hitscan enemies that forces the player to go balls deep aggressive style and at times it feels like a bit to much but all in all I had fun and end as a recommended because of that. Just a fair warning, it isn't a game for everyone.
THIS PIECE OF MODERN ART PERFECTLY DESCRIBES MY FEELINGS TOWARDS ANY FORM OF AUTHORITY. TRIPPY AF ARTSTYLE 10/10 VIDYA
I'll be honest, normally i'm not a huge fan of indie-retro games because they mostly can be easily made with game makers and usually have a lot of errors due to lack of coding. But this game is pretty good and has many elements similar with actually classic games (even small secrets where you can get sorta strong weapons) and it's pretty fun IF you are familiar with this kinda games. "Difficult" is true, it doesn't start off too easy gets much harder level by level, and it doesn't get much easier with stronger weapons (even rocket launcher-yes there is one).  Normally in a classic FPS you can easily kill almost everything with non-stop movement, but since in this game the movement decrases the lack of enemy aim by a very low percentage (meaning they still hit you easily) you also need to aim and act fast until you get a lot of damage. I'd give this game a cookie :D
SUFFER is a very fun FPS game made as a homage to the games from the 90s. It's a fast paced shooter with platforming elements and I'm enjoying it a lot. The difficulty is very balanced imo, it's not too hard but not a walk in the park either. I love how shooting things in this game feels, and although visually it clearly draws inspiration from Doom, I get more Wolfenstein 3D vibes when playing.  The level design is good too. I'm usually not to keen on platforming games but here it adds another layer to the game and makes it more interesting.  And don't be fooled by the apparent simplicity of the retro style graphics, if you take a moment and look around you can notice there has been a lot of attention to detail. I specially love the flavor signs and posters. Add in a music that fits the game perfectly and, well, if you like first person shooters you should give this gem a try.
Game is harder than my throbbing cock after a seven hour fortnite porn sesh.   10/10
Proof that graphics don't matter.
Game looks great! Reminds me a lot of old school Doom and Duke Nukem! If you get a chance I highly recommend checking it out!
If you are looking for the classic feel of a 90s FPS shooter but aslo want uquine and polished extra featured (a sowrd and dashing) then this is the game for you. This game fills you with all the wonderful fillings of a 90s FPS while mainting a mor modern level of shooter skills needed to clear the game. The game is no cake walk but reawards determination, creative thinking, and being a skilled ninja. Who knows, you might get good enough where you dont kill your mouse out of rage like I did ;) overall this was an immdeate buy as soon as it dropped and i havent got enough of it yet. Amazing game made by an amazing person!
Are you ready to SUFFER?  sell yourself now!  10/10
Alright, firstly, what every other reviewer has been saying about the difficulty is true! this is a HARD game.  In my opinion though, high difficulty means a highly rewarding gameplay experience once it has been fully mastered.  I also think a lot of people are missing that the difficulty ramp isn't too steep, SUFFER does a great job of intoducing its mechanics as you play allowing you some time to git gud before you truly suffer. No other game has so seemlessly blended together aspects of retro shooters, platformers and fast paced ninja swordplay.  A truely unique comic book inspired visual style and a complex epic soundtrack round out the experience of SUFFER to be on you won't soon forget!
Played at least a good 10 minutes straight of this, and I have to say; It is deceptively entertaining.  Don't let its face value fool you, it's fun slash'em/shoot'em up if I ever played one.  The Ambiance really gets across the horror-punk vibe, and you'll be ready to cause some chaos once it hits you.  All in all; Good game.  It does its inspirations the justice they deserve.
So far I've made it through Chapter 1, and I ABSOLUTELY love it! Fast paced, lots of blood, death, and explosions! With a killer soundtrack to boot. I can definitely see this game gain some popularity with the speed-running community. I highly recommend!
This game has brought back so much nostalgia in a short amount of time! It's like oldschool Doom / Wolfenstein! It feels good, I played with both controller and keyboard / mouse and everything feels smooth and solid.  It provides the challenge of the hardcore experience that Doom used to offer as well, with some funny little hidden easter eggs here and there! I'm so glad I picked this up!
The game name says it all. YOU WILL SUFFER!  But in a good way :) irst 5 minutes, killed myself twice 10/10
love the atmospher of the game, and the dev listening to people for suggestions down the the smallest bit is amazing.  -Edit Now that ive gotten more into the game, I love the fact that ammo conservation for weapons [spoiler]and their use as ways to get further into the game[/spoiler] makes you think about if you should save or use.  Running from enemies them may come to bite you as well on the way back, so a lot of trial and error on which enemies and where they are matters a lot, in otherwords Great Game
Great and unique metroidvania style game, well worth your attention despite its short-lentgh (up to 4~5 hours). The combat feels fresh and different, with a methodical and careful approach rather than the fast-paced of most games of the genre. There's a great variety of weapons and each enemy has its own quirks, so it feels fun and satisfying to experiment and master it, and it's always fun to exploit it. The world gives you a considerable freedom in the way you tackle its progression. There's no map, but the level design is intuitive and varied enough that you won't feel lost once you get the hang of it. The lack of a map also greatly adds to the unforbidding mood of the game, one of constant dread and bleakness. The story is also pretty interesting, with clues scattered around as to how the world became like this. Every room is also unique, so exploration is rewarding and the feeling of discovery is constantly renewed. The main character visuals are also great and beautifully animated, with each weapon having its own unique animation. A great deal of work went on it and it shows. Dev is active and considerate to suggestions and criticisms. Some changes already went on the game from the feedback received.  This game is strong both in its combat system and exploration based gameplay, with the theme and atmosphere being rather unique as well, so I'd say it's a must if you like the genre. It's pretty different from most I've played, and it was a great experience.  Just some things to consider: -Although still in early access, the main story is effectively complete from start to finish. -There's no map, but I guarantee it's not a predicament to gameplay, especially if you're used with games like this. It actually perfectly fits the game's intent. -Some weapons and enemies from the trailer are not currently in game.
Short but nicely done :  A simple but precise gameplay and a melancholic but nonetheless immersive pixel art.  Maybe a price a bit high for an adventure this short even if it's a well made one
Starts rough but then it gets  really great! Highly recommended.
I really enjoyed playing through this game. The screencaps do a pretty good job at selling the tone and feel of the game. The atmosphere is incredible, the pixel art and the soundtrack conspire to give a really creepy feeling to everything. Compared to most games, enemies actually look and feel threatening.  The gameplay itself fell a bit short (this is really an exploration platformer, not a metroidvania). There are no movement upgrades, so you are restricted to a roll and a very restrictive jump. The only real upgrades you accumulate are new weapons and only two of them allow to unlock doors. The combat is quite slow since enemies hit very probably a bit too hard, encouraging hit and run fights. That said, and importantly, I didn't find these points to detract from the experience. Your character feels weak and enemies feel overpowered (until you get the last few weapons) so it does add to the feeling of being in a threatening environment.  My biggest complaint is the lack of a map, even though the world is relatively small. Another minor complaint is the lack of any real ending, hopefully this is expanded upon a bit. I didn't run into any major bug, except for a few little animation and UI annoyances. It took me a bit more than 3hours to beat the game with all achievements. If you're worried about jumpscares [spoiler]like I was, don't worry, there aren't any.[/spoiler]  I really recommend this game for the atmosphere it creates, just don't expect a fast paced metroidvania.
Short'n Sweet metroidvania with a neat combat system that rewards smart thinking rather than quick reflexes.  REDO!'s main originality is the aforementioned combat system: each enemy you fight has a health bar as well as a stamina bar. They die when reaching zero health and become more vulnerable when reaching zero stamina. The kick is that as you play the game you find  weapons that focus on damaging either one of those bars, which adds a puzzle-like reward system where you start figuring out optimal ways to kill specific enemy types to save your limited ammo until you reach the next save point (they are very few and far between). This puzzle-like approach becomes all the more obvious when you take into account the player character's slow, clunky movement and your pitifully underpowered melee attack.  Apart from that, the game is a fairly regular metroidvania: you explore a map, find a couple (as in only 2) upgrades that let you reach previously inaccessible areas, unlock shortcuts, find hidden rooms that reward you with more health/max ammo/new weapons etc... The game lacks a map, but the game world is fairly small and it never took me more than ten minutes to get back on track when i got lost.  Highly Recommended, and don't let the Early Access turn you off: the game is complete, all it lacks is a couple QoA improvements and a hard mode.
[h1]What early access title should be like[/h1]  First of all, don't be fooled by the fact that the game is in "Early Access". The game is complete as it is and the only thing missing is "Hardcore Mode", and the developer says even that will be added next month. During my playthrough I encountered one single bug, and that requires you to do specific thing and exactly the right spot and I don't think anyone else is going to experience it.  So what is REDO! ? It's an short and sweet little metroidvania game set in distant future where you go on a quest to find another human who sent you an message. It's not an long game, but I personally think it's pretty much the perfect length. It takes about three hours to complete, depending on how good you are at metroidvania games. It has enough weapons, items and bosses to make things interesting but it never overstays it's welcome. And with price of 8.19€, roughly the price of a good beer at a bar or a meal at some fast food place, I think it's priced just right.  What it does to make it different from other metroidvania titles is the stamina system. Not for you, but for the enemies. When enemies attack or you attack them with either melee or few other weapons, their stamina goes down. And when it runs out they will be stunned or run away. This is a clever mechanic as it's tied to health and ammo pickups. The only way to regain back the health or ammo, other than using a save spot that spawns all the enemies again, is to make them run out of stamina before killing them.  At first the difficulty can be quite punishing, but as you gain more weapons and learn how the enemies attack and move, it becomes much easier. I think this is why some people call it a bit like "Dark Souls", but I think it's more like "Cave Story" but with slower pace. You need to use the right weapon for right enemy, and dodge when necessary, but the game itself is not so hard it makes you want to pull your hair out and throw the controller through the window.  The other thing the game has going for it is the atmosphere and mood. I think the closest thing to compare it to would be "Lone Survivor". You learn the lore of the game by reading diary entries and speaking to few NPC's scattered around. But I think the most important thing is the environment. From the fog to dead people hooked to machines to the decay you see everywhere really reminds me of "Lone Survivor". Not in the same "Silent Hill" way, but as you being the last human around.    Overall I heartily recommend REDO! for everyone looking for a nice indie metroidvania, or just about anyone who is just sick how big but empty games these days have become. It's tight game that you can play on one sitting, just the right length and I think the right difficulty. A big thumbs up :)
Decent post-apocalyptic Metroidvania that can be completed in 4-5 hours, although it has no map for whatever reason. In regards to controls, they are not necessarily bad, it's just one of those games that wants to have a more realistic animation cycle - hence the delay on the actions due to extra frames. It's not much of a platformer, you only have a basic jump for entire game. Gameplay is more about dodging and shooting things. There are some optional weapons and upgrades that you can find, but only 2 of them are required to interact with obstacles (7 weapons, 2 shields, 3 boosts and HP/Ammo upgrades).Despite its relatively short length, the game is a little difficult. I spend maybe 20 minutes replaying a few specific rooms just because the developer put way too many enemies. Unfortunately, I found most of the important upgrades after I beat the hardest part. The game gives you a freedom of doing areas out of order which is something that I personally enjoy (not that it has that many areas).  Surprisingly my favorite part of the game was the atmosphere. The forbidding soundtrack complemented the game perfectly, creating a very spooky experience. I played plenty of games with a post-apocalyptic theme, but it still feels original because the world is populated by doll people, which I guess were some kind of pleasure toys. I thought the game had a good mystery going for it, but the ending was umm... (perhaps it's better that I don't say anything). Also, there are 2 choices at the end, but they do not add any replay value, you can get both from the same save file anyway. Some people might have problems with seldom checkpoints, if you pay attention most of the areas have shortcuts to avoid making a difficult path twice. However, I still think the game is relatively challenging despite its short length, it got frustrating a few times.  [h1] Pros: [/h1]  + beautiful art & level design + several optional weapons & passive upgrades + immersive atmosphere & good soundtrack choice + mysterious story & interesting concept + achievements   [h1] Cons: [/h1]  - some areas have silly amount of enemies - probably should add a cell-based map - I liked the story, just not the ending - I don't mind controls personally, but it's harder than most games (FYI)  [b] Overall Thoughts: 8/10 [/b]  I don't have any big issues with this Metroidvania aside from a few nitpicks. It feels fresh when compared to similar games because the difficulty is  designed around patience (not counting a few BS rooms). I think the control problems are subjective in this case. You not going to put "hardcore" platformer controls into atmospheric game with horror elements. Could have been a little better, but it could be a lot worse also.  [code]For more Hidden-Gems: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/31294838-Hidden-Gem-Discovery/ [/code]
The game plays different from other metroidvanias, not being fast paced, no map, no level / experience system at all. The combat is a little bit slower and hence very methodical, as the game description says. All in all I'd say it plays as a mix of metroidvania and the feeling of oldschool survival horrors. The pixel art in this is simply AMAZING. The soundtrack is very atmospheric and minimalistic, but the games music / sound effects lack a bit overall. The game lacks polishing, such as: no game over animation, some enemy attacks are a bit buggy, boss fights are easily cheeseable, though the game is still in early access and some of this stuff might change. Writing sounds a bit amateur, but it's not bad. Haven't beaten it yet, but the game looks short (I'd guess 8h)  So tl;dr: The Good: Plays nice. Gameplay and story different from your generic medieval fast paced metroidvania. Art is awesome. The Bad: Soundtrack is so so. Lacks polishing (early access, though). Possibly short game. None of those issues is gamebreaking.  Recommend? Yes. For the price it's a good game, a nice indie title and great inspiration due to the fact it was made by one brazilian guy. Lack of polishing and game time are not really a big deal in this case, as there are AAA titles with less polish and game time being sold by full price out there.  Edit: One day after I wrote this review, the game was patched adding a game over animation, showing the developers involvement in it. I've beaten the game now, took me around 4-5h, and it's a solid game. Enemies are well balanced for you to use specific weapons against specific enemies, every power and item is useful at some point. Final verdict is that this game is really well made from a level design, gameplay mechanics, and graphics perspective, and it's worth it specially for these 3 aspects.
Note: Review updated due to developer communication and updates.   While I initially refunded Redo and recommended that anyone with interest give it a go with the refund policy in mind, I've since re-purchased the game and [strike]I'm currently working on giving it a full play through.[/strike] (I've completed the game with all but 2 achievements. It took about 4 hours of non-efficient gameplay) The developer is communicating directly with the player base and quickly making updates to the game, and quite frankly that's worth my $10. Now is it worth yours? Below you'll find my original review, edited to reflect the changes I can confirm are in game.   **Review**  In the description for Redo! the creator notes that the game has a slow, methodical pace. This is true. One can't come into this game and expect it to be fast paced at all. For the most part, the things you do will need to be planned out, to the degree that the game seems to hold button presses for about .5-1 second. If you mash jump a few times and then release, you will jump, land, and then jump again. If you press jump and shoot one after the other, you will jump, land, and then shoot. You will find yourself slowly pushing through (until rolling, read ahead), which is great if that's your kind of thing.   This slow, methodical approach is then broken when you realize [strike]most[/strike] many enemies don't have hitboxes. The enemies that will hurt you by touch are noted by a red electricity around them, but the others will only be able to hurt you with projectiles. I found that getting through some rooms was far easier by just rolling through and taking damage once or twice, than by fighting my way through. This somewhat splits the game into two speeds; 1) Quick traversal of areas you know you can just roll through, and 2) Portions you don't know yet, or that you have no choice but to slow down for. Either way you have to take it, I found that once I'd been through a room a few times, I was able to get a pretty decent pattern down.     The combat is slow and that's intentional. You will have to plan out the use of items, so far all of which I have found pull from the same ammo pool, and your melee. Further, the game has a stun mechanic for enemies. There are two numbers for each enemy, a red HP set and a blue Stun set. If you get the blue down to 0 they will no longer move (though I found a case in which one enemy did, and still hurt me; a bug I think) and, importantly, killing them while stunned will net you a few HP. So far, with the button imput changes, I've enjoyed most of the combat. Again, you're not going to be racking up awesome combos, but that's by design.    Finally, the game lacks polish in a few places. I know this is an early access title, it's to be expected, so consider this what I've found in that vein. Hopefully things that can be fixed before a full release.  [list] [*][strike]When opening the start menu, you can't just press the "back" button to get back to the game. You must navigate to the "back" option and select it. This does not happen in the inventory menu.[/strike] Update: Confirmed fixed.  [*]There is no fanfare for [strike]death or[/strike] acquiring items. [strike]On death you will instantly be sent to a "Continue, End" option select and then instantly be back at your save point if selected.[/strike] On getting items a simple "You got a new weapon." message appears. Small things, but small things matter. Update: Dev has added a death animation, which really helps eliminate the jarring jump to the continue screen.  [*]Some small spelling/grammar errors in the game's text, which is the primary vehicle for getting the story across.  [*]Graphically wise, some enemies look very out of place, while some structures you can climb on blend into the background too easily. For the most part the game looks good, but that only makes these issues stand out more.  [/list]  Overall, if you're a fan of the genre and don't mind, or even like controls that can be a bit clunky, give it a go for an hour or so. If you don't like it, you can always refund. In addition, if you want to support a developer that didn't dump a game and run, but rather has listened to the player base, you can do so here as well.
After initial issue with getting the game started the dev helped me to get it working again. Gotta praise the dedication of that kind of dev.
Solid and atmosferic. Very good level design, which makes you always want to stop and plan where to go next. Hard combat, so you'll have lots of attack and evade mechanics to master!
A fun game if you're into The Room series or mechanical puzzles in general. I had to cheat a couple times, but overall this is a buy.
I liked it but it is by far not perfect. Yes, the controls can be optimized. I had several frustrating moments with them. And the puzzles are sometimes a bit illogical too [spoiler] wtf coin puzzle!? [/spoiler]. But in the end it's a decent game with an interesting theme, nice graphics and some creative ideas. Go and support small, independent games by new developers. The price could be a bit lower though.
If you are good at puzzle games you will like this one as well. It's kinda hard and the timer makes it extra spicy.  Prize fits the play time.  Only thing that annoyed me as well were the clunky controls. Sometime you want to tune a gear or anything just a bit and it suddenly rotates a whole third or so.
Enjoyed the puzzles for the most part! Only real gripe was the lights out puzzle - can we please nab a reset button or something more solid to depict where the squares should go? I ended up on a hunt to find something more solid of a solution and those pinholes weren't something I'd consider substantial enough to follow.  Will buy the next one when it comes out.  Thanks! 
Famtastic game, it flows and leads you in the right direction without the need for clues. I hope there are additional releases in the future as the developer of this game should be very proud.
I am making this game knowing that this game was made by 1 person.  The game is not very big, reflected in the price tag. I am also just coming off playing 'The Room' series, and they are a much better series, but one should expect as such. This is...fine. Its puzzles aren't straightforward, and seem more trial and error than anything, but I may not have been engaging the full brain power, because I was not as invested as in previous puzzle games. Fun, but frustrating, as the puzzles are puzzles because of lack of information, rather than puzzles. Good for 1 person
I want to express my appreciation and my sincerest commendation for the game and the effort put into its creation. I have truly enjoyed it, as I think that it is one of the best and most creative, well-designed, and well-thought-through games that I’ve played in a really long while. It demonstrates a very high standard of quality and deserves due recognition.
I like its quest line it so far. There are a couple of cons though: 1) No saves (really?? I have to start all over again even if I just have to stop/pause playing for any reason). 2) Navigation is really frustrating. It would be much easier to navigate with a controller, but a computer mouse is the only option.
I call Shennanigans!!!  You'd have more time than 1.5 hours in such a room before youd pass out from the build up of CO2!  SHENANNIGANS!!!  https://www.quora.com/If-you-were-sealed-in-a-5-x-5-room-how-long-would-you-live-before-you-ran-out-of-oxygen-and-how-long-would-remain-conscious-before-the-CO2-level-in-your-blood-became-too-high
Great concept. Very engaging puzzles. Lots of fun. Can't wait to see what else the dev comes up with!!!!
The game is interesting! But complicated! It seems that there is no solution, but when you think about it or read the tips carefully, everything becomes simple.
Damn, this game is pretty awesome. It's one of my favorite games at the moment. First let's talk about gameplay: After 20 years (That's too long) searchs in egyptian, you found an entrance and there are some puzzle you'll solve them but you have 2 hours to solve all of the puzzles or you'll die because oxygen and really that's it however puzzles are absolutely hard. I love it. But sometimes it's so boring maybe adding soundtrack or something would be great but there isn't. Easy answer you can open yourself with youtube or something. 9/10 just cut 1 point from not having soundtrack. Well done
Very cool quest room, at first glance it may seem to you that it is simple, but check if you can pass it without prompts! Although the riddles are really simple, but not everyone can guess :) When you find the answer and some kind of plate starts moving, you experience an incredible feeling of the passed stage ... The developer is a great fellow! 10 pharaohs out of 10.
[h1] Experienced on the Oculus Rift [/h1]  So I paid $1.79 USD for this DLC, which you can get this special sales price if you own the rest of the DLC by simply looking for the DLC pack option in the Steam store. I think this is a 4-5 minute ride, I'm not exactly sure because Steam doesn't keep track of your time played with DLC.  This is a pure horror rollercoaster ride. It's dark, it's bloody, and it's gory. Just needed sex and it would be the holy mecca of horror. The graphics are good, not great. The game runs smooth. This is way better than the Armageddon DLC (also has zombies). I like the Halloween ride, but let's face it, it wasn't really scary ... this ride is. Keep in mind, this coaster is not about speed or twists or turns or loop de loops, so don't expect that type of ride.  I just wish it was even gorier and had more stuff to it. I would have liked more assets. I think some of the animations could have been better. But this is one of the top 3 DLC / rides for this game.   Rate 7/10. It's a must buy if you are a VR rollercoaster fan, just get it at the special price!
If this was his first game, there's some good points and some bad points.  The graphics are pretty nice with relatively unique designs, the gameplay is okay, every ability is varied and gives some spice, but near the end the gameplay is shockingly hard, but not necessarily due to the progressive challenge.  I died a few times because my character was too slow to actually move out of the way of the Dega.  Sound is pretty good, but more than one track would be nice.  Menu's need work, being unable to exit from the main screen is really weird, needs to be fixed.  Not bad for what it is.
Great DLC
Amazing dlc for an amazing game. It adds Albania, Czechoslovakia and Hungary-each of those countries has a specific economical and political situation aswell as unique events. If you liked the basic game grab this dlc for sure. But beware- defending socialist system in all of added countries is a very challenging task, so good luck comrade! 
Great DLC for a great game! A lot of bang for your buck!
If you like the base game then you won't regret buying it
Only thing I disliked was I couldn't build more bunkers in Albania.
3 new countries for $3. Only issue I've run into is a minor visual bug and a dialogue with <PARAMETER> missing. Hope to see a UI upgrade in the next DLC/game.
If you've played the base game, you already know what this is like. The DLC sticks to the formula, but expands its coverage to three new countries.   -Czechoslovakia is nation with a relatively stable government, that is still nonetheless torn by czech and slovak nationalism. Perhaps the easiest to play out of the bunch. Your main focus will be to keep the union together.   -Hungary is a very difficult nation to play. You start out in deep shit. You don't really have the support of the people, not even the support of your own party. On your first playtrough, I recommend autosaving frequently, as it's very easy to lose. People that enjoy a challenge will definitely enjoy this one.   -Albania is a wildcard. As those with a background in history may already know, Albania was not really a part of the eastern bloc following Stalin's death, which they considered revisionist and "social imperialist". They had a flirtation with Maoism before they renounced the PRC as well. Already having bad relations with Yugoslavia (due to Kosovo) and the Western world, Albania was highly isolationist, going as far as to build bunkers all across the country. In the game this tosses up your playstyle quite a bit, as several fimiliar events have different options if you're playing as Albania. You're an outsider, and you'll have trouble influencing COMECON countries. At the same time, you're far less restrained by Gorbachev's orders. Definitely an interesting playtrough.   Overall, I belive that at around 80 cents per country, this DLC is definitely a great value proposition for anyone that liked the base game. It's still very fimiliar, but each country has it's own twist. I really hope to see Yugoslavia in a following DLC, as that would be a very different experience as well. With that said, if you didn't enjoy the base game - this DLC won't change your mind. You're paying for 3 new countries, with their own leaders, events and music. The core gameplay, however, remains the same. I think that the developers have put enough work in to diffirentiate the DLC countries from the base ones, and at just over 2$, it's hard to complain.   Overall - your impressions of the base game will be your impressions on this. You get more of the same, with some new interesting perspectives to keep it relatively fresh, while still remaining very fimiliar. It's a good value for money, so I'm thumbing it up.
Great addition to the original game!!   +++3 New Countries!!!! +++New Ideaologies!!! +++New Events!!! +++Socialism with a Human Face!!! +++++++++++++++++Stalin in the DLC cover!!! 
Got it haven't even played it, but I like the main game so I will probably love this
I Like it. Played Squareworld over 50 hours.
Stelsa so cute ~
What is the meaning of life? What would you do if the rain was pure acid?  either way, I'd play hiveswap. 13/¹0
WhatPumpkin said GAY RIGHTS!!
This was the one. Stelsa, I'm so sorry honey- She's so good and fun and energetic, but Boldir was just...  Boldir.  I am going to say nothing. But if you're invested in the overarching story of the Friendsims, and Homestuck in general?  Yeah, play this one.
so, the sad thing is that this particular volume CONTINUOUSLY crashes on me. "ScriptError: could not find label 'volumethirteen'" everytime. and i really want to play it myself but it just doesnt work and it makes me very sad tbh.  :/
help it wont run on my game i really want to play it!!!
help it wont let m run volume 13 it keeps giving m various error codes 
10/10
Nice!!!  Lots of interesting worldbuilding here.  :)
Tyzias' matesprit!!!
LONG REVIEW or something  just a foreword: most of this review is pretty much just lamenting & exploring lore n other nerdy shit. if you're not interested, just read the first and last paragraph for an overview of the episode tbh.  even then... it's hiveswap friendsim... all of this is good shit.      A highly-contrasting when compared to the rest of Hiveswap Friendsim, Volume Thirteen is a thought-invoking and deep episode. Stelsa's route inspects troll relationship dynamics (with an Aesopian ending as well), while Boldir's extremely chill (and *chilling*) route are more than that. They're... Well...  The Friendsim episodes seem to be nearing an end (at the time of this review, ep. 15 is out, leaving only 3 to be released over the next six weeks. dammit i just made myself sad :((  ), but then along comes Boldir with her route, tossing a curveball at the player concerning the nature of the entire game. [spoiler]The MSPA Reader/Main Character apparently remembers the bad routes of each and every episode, referencing how 'so many of their friends died' in Boldir's bad ending, though it would appear from all the other episodes that, canonically, only the good endings happened. Boldir's remark that she's 'not important' and the general fatalistic nature of interactions with her give off a highly Undertale vibe (kind of OneShot or even a DDLC-esque vibe, since these games deal with manipulation of meta elements).[/spoiler].  And even though I like it (love it, in fact), it just leaves me clamouring for more - for answers. We're probably not getting too many of them besides cryptic hints in further volumes, knowing the ways Hussie works on Homestuck lore (i may be wrong about his level of involvement in this though), and considering the general uncertainty about the canonicity of the entire Friendsim series. Furthermore, the Friendsim ends in three episodes, [spoiler]though we do see some of this being fleshed out in Volume 14, where in Marsti's route the MSPA Reader almost tells Marsti they're the main character, though this is done more or less for comedic effect. The MSPA Reader does, however, audibly remark that they've died numerous times - further showing that the main character, on an in-universe narrative level, remembers bad endings as well, despite the canonicity of the good ones. Volume 15 in Wanshi's route also talks about bad endings: the MSPA Reader has dreams 'where [they] failed [their friends]', though this is referenced only once, in the beginning of the path. Yet, I wouldn't be surprised if at the end of the Friendsim, it just turns out that this was all a dream or something. You know the trope. Or perhaps some Doc Scratch/LE/Lil' Cal shenaniganry. In other words - unsatisfactory. Though, that's just a theory - i'm not on the devteam for Hiveswap so I wouldn't know[/spoiler].  A much recommended volume with a highly unexpected change of pace [spoiler](and tone, considering Boldir's bad route and the dark, self-shunning theme of the dialogue within it, which, unfortunately for me, resonated all too close for comfort)[/spoiler] in the Friendsim series. Perhaps not as light-hearted as the rest, but definitely a satisfactory one.
Both of these routes do a good job expanding the series in an interesting way, and Boldir's can fuel fan theories for a long time.
Friendsim just keeps on coming, and it's still as good as ever, if not better. My only problem with it would have to be -  (SPOILERS) - The reappearance of Ardata in the Boldir route. Much like Diemen during the Mallek route, her art hasn't aged all that well. I understand the first installment was very experimental, and the production got better as a result of the positive response, but when you have every other character looking crisp and clean and well detailed, and then line them up against her or Diemen, well the difference is noticeable to say the least.   The story is still on point, and the use of a variant of the song "Old Secrets" for Boldir's theme adds fuel to the fire that she's part of something much bigger, potentially something paradox space related. Still worth the dollar every 2 weeks.
While most of the friendsims range from funny, entertaining, and sometimes sad, this one has a moment that starts to really put the entire series into question and make yo uwonder what is what pumpkin's plan
Boldir is shaped like a friend! I hope we see more of her in future friendsims/hiveswap acts!  Also wow, Stelsa's [spoiler] Tyzias' matespirit! [/spoiler] And she's got top tier fashion!
Please make sure to go through all of the failed routes of the characters. Not only does it add to the character, but now we're actually getting somewhere on the why the MC actually has the choices presented. [spoiler]I remember in one of the other routes MC mentioned them and Polypa going to the apartments, which only happened in the bad timeline. I thought maybe it was a mistake on the developers part, but maybe it wasn't? [/spoiler] Honestly overall pretty good, and something strange is going on here... [spoiler]if you got any theories hmu[/spoiler]
Boldir was, at the very least, more interesting a route than I thought looking at her Troll Call introduction. I thought she would be typed more as just being a gardener, but she's actually a pretty deep thinker and just generally kind of pleasant to be around.  Stelsa's route also does a good amount of world-building, looking at her matesprit issues, canonizing yet another thing about trolls I thought was fanon, and introducing the "auditerrorizer" profession of Alternia.   Both routes also reference a good number of previous trolls; the MC is gaining more and more independant qualities outside of the blank slate they were meant to be for the reader. I am very much enjoying the progression. I can't say these trolls are a favorite out of the line-up so far, but I definitely like what the game is doing right now.
The Pusher is a very nice idea, packed into a unconventional radical design, you just cook drugs and sell them. This creates a playground for an experimental game in a fresh new setting. I liked to play around in the lab and just try out what happens.  Although it is too a very very early version, so take "alpha" literally. The game has lots of ideas and it now depends up to the developer to react to the feedback and make it a success. Chances are good.  The price is very low, the game has potential for a future hit. Give it a try.
The game has its bugs as it is an early access title, but I think the game concept and atmosphere is awesome! The grafical design is really something new I did not see before and its very appealing. The Gameplay itsself is fun and the humor is priceless :D A very creative piece of art that I can recommend!  I am very hyped for the updates that will bring Automatic Cooking and new Laboratory Locations as I like to see an idle part to the game with calculating prices and building an even bigger drug empire. Absolutely worth the 3 Bucks!
Interesting story,  great soundtrack, tricky puzzles, pretty fun. Only downfall is my game glitched on the part where you tidy up the mess made in the office. Last thing I can do is respond "i listened/i thought" and then I'm stuck. OTL
If you like visual novels, and can appreciate some solid advice, give this game a go! Its got good art, good music, good sound effects, good writing, and good messages. Check it out!
Shit. Just. Got. Real.  Only half way in but go play this game.
Went into this visual novel not knowing much about it, and came out of it with an enjoyable experience! I really enjoyed the delicate soundtrack and relationship themes explored in the writing. The subjects tackled were presented in a way that I felt was very thoughtful, respectful and relatable. Thank you. This was totally up my alley and I'd love to see more like it from the studio!
A very fresh narrative game! Lovely music, beautiful art, and a topic I haven't encountered in a game before!
Beautiful and wonderfully written. If you enjoy visual novels this is definitely for you.  Visually alone, this game is incredibly stunning and unique. For me personally I find most visual novels fall flat in this category so it's refreshing to see a new take on it.   Storywise, I was never bored or felt like "yeah okay whatever" so I feel like I got my moneys worth alone for this.   It's definitely much different than any other visual novel I've played, various themes and concepts are discussed in an interesting way. Some things I felt personally connected to and that's not something I've experienced much in a video game at all, let alone a visual novel.   Thoroughly enjoyed it, and can't wait to see what comes in the future
The Window Box is an absolutely beautiful narrative game. It's definitely a new type on interaction within a game, but I found myself very compelled by the storyline while interacting with it.
An easy but very nice RPG game. Its style really attracts me, and  maybe anyone who loves 'nostalgia'. And if you love collecting things, or riddling, this game can be unexpectedly a little hard for you. BTW bugs are seen too often, and the scene called 'Sesame Hideout' even disappears! Hope it can be fixed sooner.
This game will make you exicted! 
This looks like an easy game, but it's quite tricky at times. I love the gameplay and graphics, and most everything else. You have to go to different places to play a "game", which is not really a game, but an area where you have to do a couple of quizzes and fight a few enemies. After defeating the boss, you get something nice.   This is a nice old-school type of RPG, but not really for hard-core RPG players who like games to be really difficult.
The game is fun, if you like business simulations, its a fun game. But It has its annoyances.    I pretty much just have warehouses everywhere, because you never have a big enough one.  And I'm always out of supplies to make my cars and such, as you can only order 200 of everything, and you have to order all like 12 individual parts for the rockets/cars/phones etc, there is no button to order everything you need.    The whole system is a little sloppy, as you can order parts that have nothing to do with what you are making.  I stopped playing because I just didn't want to have to order all the parts i needed for my vehicles anymore.  It was work.  It felt like work.  My production would stall, because I was out of Metal, despite me reordering 40,000 metal to be delivered as soon as the stock went below 40,000.  (metal seems to be one of the only things you can order more than 200 of).  
this is a good game but at the momment it does need some more time for development. given enought time this will be great.
Yes the game has some flaws with difficulty and the annoyances of stuff like inventory management but it does have potential and for less the £8 I enjoyed playing on it for a few hours.   There are a number of things that could be improved but it seems really unfair to have 'Mostly Negative' reviews it isn't that bad, I personally enjoyed it.
hey can you add sandbox mode with unlimited funding or the ability to get unlimited funding
It´s good but there need to be more technologies to research
Despite improvements which seem to have been made to the ressource acquisition system (automation) the game still needs more micromanagement. Auto build spare parts is missing. The system in which buying 10000 units take 5 days, should be rethought, maybe with partial deliveries?  Lists and daily consumption would be appreciated.  Still... It's funny!
Better than fortnite
Fun game
I like it! It´s not very deep but totally okay for the price. Devs react fast to player feedback, lets see how it develops.
Great game. If i could make one thing better, i would add the possibility to have material consumption prediction to make it more simple to know how many ressources you need to buy over a period of time.
This game has a good potential but there are some things that need to be fixed as soon as possible because those thing are annoying. 1. Mails: All the mails that i get says to ramp up production but i can't because i don't have space for more facilities. 2. Employees: Employees quitting with no reason. 3. Marketing: The marketing system is annoying. 4. Orders: I have a Tank company and i have lots of orders that can't be filled because of the lack of space. 5. Space: Add the possibility to expand the terrain.  I only recommend this game to help the developer improve it.  
Unfortunately, I'm not sure if I can recommend this game as it is a little 'simple', with not much real depth. I will give it a thumbs up, but really it should be less than $10. There's just not enough there to justify a higher cost.
I think it would be nice to automate certain things, such as buying materials at regular intervals. For examples, I think the devs should add a way to make a "grocery list" of materials to buy and be able to setup intervals of when to buy these materials. For example, every 24 hours or so in game time you set it to buy  10000 Metals, 10000, electronics, and so on. It is very tedious constantly buying new materials,.  It seems like this is basically a clicker game. It is fun to watch your business grow into other ventures such as different industries and sectors.  Only reason I am reccomending this game is because I liked economy tycoon type games.  However, the UI can be a bit better.   Overall wish there was more automation with certain things such as with buying resources.(would be nice to be able to tell the game, I want to produce 100 cars. Then all the materials for those 100 cars get automatically ordered. Of course, now you have to wait a couple days for all the materials to get delivered before you start producing.)  7/10
I dont know why there are so many bad reviews for this game...  Seems good for the price to me.
This game has to be one of the most complex and exciting business management games on the market, including in depth markets, analytical tools for in depth problem solving, and great simplistic graphics. All the negative reviews were from people who had day 1 bugs that were immediatly fixed. Great game and great developer 9/10
I am not big on reviews but after seeing all the negative reviews, this game is well worth it. Being on sale when I got it helps, but it's a low cost and I found myself getting lost in the game play. They are still working on it of course and I am excited to see where it develops to, but it is a additive and fun game. A little easy to start, but playing the phones or computers gave a challenge.   Con's right now would be the size of the map and having to baby sit the employees morale so much. There is no real way that I can find to increase morale, increasing pay doesn't seem to do it, but over all it's not too much of a problem it bounces around.  Pros are the research tree and how you can continue on from what you first start with. Depth will be important in this area and I expect it to get deeper on researching and products.  Would recommend this game hands down.
The game is simplistic, but also very fun. It does, however, need several QoL updates such as production priority and the ability to queue certain items such as (but not limited to) hiring employees, research assigning and production, model upgrades without having to go through the process of building a new model.  Don't let all this put you off. It's fun... just a bit finicky is all.
Before I start, I want to say this game is awesome and I really love to play it.  But I have some constructive criticism:  -The auto-ordering system is weird and could be fixed. I was having problems with supply of raw materials and demand for parts.  - The UI has weird lagging issues.  Besides that this game is awesome and through some revisions and updates, I think this can be a great game.
start lagging 30min after, and doesn't have any update for now. hope you can fix it ASAP.
The game actually looks fantastic and has solid potential, it just needs QA love.  For example, you can automate making products but you can't automate making its components. That's a big no-no and messes up flow. Also, you should allow players to automatically manufacture something at the beginning. You can also spam loans to get infinite moneys. You also have to check several times if something is being automatically produced, especially if you have multiple production facilities, because they often cancel each other out.   Other than that, you got yourself a wicked tycoon game!  I'll update my review as the game is being patched, since it's literally been released.
This game is being unfairly negged. Apparently when it was first launched there was an issue, but it was sorted.  The game itself is pretty addictive, I've played 3 hours or so and the time has just flown by. I can see this game flourishing into something even better with a few more updates and balancing.
A fun little management game that's worth the asking price.  But I wish it had more depth to managing the company and its strategies, rather than just micro-managing staff count and ordering raw materials. (Also please let me research and choose tank guns.)
IGNORE NEGATIVE REVIEWS it got reviewed bomb by the chinese because of a fault that has now been fixed AND THIS GAME IS ADDICTIVE
Worth the buy, very addictive
not christian game for straight people
i have nine words for you: i have three words for you: they have benises
Only game to ever make me want  god to abandon me... 10/10 sorry dad....
[h1] WARNING FULL HOMO[/h1]  L'histoire de ma vie. -------------------------------   ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ The story of my life.
It's traps. And they're good. You get what you pay for. Download the patch on their website.
Trap is the ultimate answer for any problem
A quick and fun romp. Art is nice, music is catchy, and the heroines are just plain entertaining. The ending was a bit iffy for me, but hey, I can forgive it for the cute traps.  Thinking objectively, it's a solid 7/10 and a recommended experience for VN fans. Thinking like the degenerate I am, it's a full 10/10. Traps are love, traps are life. Download and install the R18 patch for maximum lewd femboys.  P.S. Please give Hinowa an H-scene in the sequel ((OwO))
yes, good game. would fuck trap again
Good soundtrack, good story, and 100% not gay. 11/10    recommend getting the patch
Install the patch! Required purchase if you like femboys. You play as a masculine guy and femboys want your D. It's more of a kinetic novel than a "game." That said I enjoyed it greatly. Funny writing, funny characters and characters you care about. Good, interesting setup for a sequel.   Pros: Great art Great voice acting Great writing Genuinely funny Good music No bugs/performs well Fluffy tail Hinowa   Cons: Some of the sexy time sounds could be better quality. Sometimes the voices have pops Minor typos, but rare Mosaic censoring, but they can't do anything about that. 
My soul swims in darkness
Tfw ywn be caught in a love triangle with 2 traps, why even living anymore? On a side note though, it's not even the greatest part about this game, the voice acting is good, the "thrusting scenes" are great if not excellent to some extent, and the story isn't all about regular traps but rather 2 very different yet very unique characters, and you know what? The best part isn't even over yet. One of them is a holy trap goddess worthy to be worshiped, yes you heard me right a god tier waifu. You can be sure of one thing after finishing this game, life won't feel the same ever again, you've been warned...  5/5 on the Astolfo scale  Just as a warning though, please handle your "joystick" with caution because you might break it.
Trap Shrine is, despite his title, not a game that makes "fun" about sexuality in any way. Quite the opposite, its encourage anyone to understand that love doesnt know any "gender". Of course its still using some tropes about "Traps", using this as a joke etc.  As a anime/manga fan this is nothing really problematic in any way and it only shows, that the title is more for fans of this media and not for "gamers", but this applies to most visual novels.   The Story was very well presented, the artdesign was good and the characters were great. Especially the interactions between Yui and Mishiro. It was always funny to see how both used their "traits" to fight over the main (Onee-chan(?) POWER FTW!). Thanks to the voice-actors, it was much more funny than expected. Sadly the BGM was very boring and not really that great, still it was well used in the scenes.   If you like anime/manga with "trap" characters, you will love this visual novel. Despite the fact that Trap Shrine is a "Kinetic Novel" (No Routes/Choices), it was so good that i "played" the title already 3times ^^"  Extra: The H-Content was great! Sadly its pixelated and many scenes contained not more than 2 CGs, but it was still great to see them, especially with the great voice acting. 
God I wish I was MC.
I have one final plan.  [h1][url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CoRydJTiXc&t=35s] bye. [/url][/h1]
really gay, i love it
I can see now that Japan's definition of a "Trap God" differs from our Western one
You may not agree but this is what peak heterosex looks like
I'm gay 10/10
i very love , but  no gay btw
If there's a hole there is a way, if it looks like a girl it ain't gay.
For the love of trap, I like it and can't wait to play the next part of the story   If you like this kind game, then I recommend this game even if you are straight.  The game does not a a separate story of route but it is still enjoyable to play. Art style is excellent, story is great and the character design is great (I did notice that Mishiro's pinky looks unnatural)  I played this game with patch and it's your choice if you want to see the h-scene.  The game is not long but it is worth the price.
I lost my hetero and I can't find it 8(>//A//<)8
I bought this unironicaly for memes and to expand my golden dong
10/10 solid game  Story :  I was blown away by the story, even great authors like J.R.R Tolkien never managed in their lifetime to even make works even close to this masterpiece, basicly : every man's dream, 2 traps fighting over the main character, one is a trap god, the other is a trap childhood friend, the plot has many plottwists so be prepared   Visuals :  The Visuals blew me away, the scenery and the different backgrounds your character evolves in are gorgeous, the characters are very well drawn, you can always see what they have in mind by just looking at their faces.  For the full immersive experience download the 18+ patch : https://erogejapan.com/patch/  Controls :  Game can be played with just a mouse, no keyboard needed, I find it really touching the devs have thought about one handed people so they get to experience this masterpiece   Extras :  Many Save slots to replay the game as much as you want (around 42 of them), great gameplay consisting of clicking, great value, amazing music that isn't repetitive at all    I loved it so much! 
I can't wait to play it when I have free time. We need more visual novels with Trap (Otoko no ko whatever) heroines out here in the west. Take my money!
Still straight...
Overall this was average and unless you're super into what is a niche subgenre of an already niche subgenre (at least on Steam) you can likely give it a pass. The music can get a bit annoying at times, the voices will continue as you're scrolling through dialogue and it's a real pain in the neck if you're even a semi-fast reader.  The story was cliched and could be seen a mile away from even the most casual VN consumer . The character design was cute and inoffensive. The censorship is in my opinion overboard. If you're buying this to get your rocks off, they did a horrible job with the mosaics. Took me around ~5 hours to finish it and that was including the time I mess around with other computer junk. The translation is also iffy in some places (the spelling in particular) but it clearly conveys what needs to be said.   Giving this a positive review because it has merit, and I'd be willing to read the sequel whenever it arrives. For the price point it's a perfectly acceptable VN to while away a few hours.
This is the first trap that  i will fap to. TRAP IS NOT GAY
can't aim down sights
Ohh Yeah~... DAMN BOI! HE THICC BOI! That's a THICC ASS BOI! Damn~ POP BAAA!
This game was nice when I could at least pretend they were women, but then it turned into something out of boku no pico, and I was immediately turned off.  I can't believe something like this would become so gay so fast...I feel like my trust was betrayed and I was tricked.  Fagshit/10
6.5/10  Beginning portion was a real slog though i strongly believe it was just to blue ball people who got the demo. It is so much better in what i think is the second half. There was way more... "action" than I was expecting and overall game length felt much longer than I anticipated. That would be a plus but I felt there was too much filler dialogue. It try's to be more emotionally gripping towards the end and wish there was more of that throughout the whole game though I'm sure that's not why people buy these games.  [h1] Good [/h1]  +$10 +Theme song. (Eurobeat? what a banger!) +Music +Voice Acting +Art/CG's +Character designs +Hinowa +Real Trap Shit  [h1] bad [/h1]  -MC -Most of the first half -Filler dialogue -Wish it was more emotionally gripping.  As a pure story experience, do not buy. But if you're into some real trap shit then yes.  Edit: grammar
be sure to download the 18+ patch!!
Best 10$ I've ever spent. I am shameless with my appreciation for this game 10/10
It's not gay if they're cute.
The real question isn't whether or not traps are gay, but whether or not I care.  And the answer is no.
Overall, it's what you'd probably expect. A bit pricey in my opinion, but the art is pretty good and the story is kind of interesting. If you're looking for a good read that will last you a while, I'd advise you to spend your money elsewhere. The story is very linear and multiple playthroughs aren't really worth it. However, if you are looking for a cute fun little story with interesting characters, why not give it a try? This game isn't for everyone, so it's up to you to decide whether or not to spend your money on it.
Very thought provoking.  Not because the game has engaging plot, but more in the sense that its fracturing my already weak heterosexuality and making me question my life choices.
I give this game 5 out of 5 Astolfos.
I bought this game a few days after it's release. Sounded so bizarre that I bought it after looking at the title, briefly looking at the reviews, and description of the game. Promotional videos give you a good idea of what the characters are like. My god i never thought I would like this game as much as I do now [strike] nO HomO
havent seen any balls touch yet so its not gay
I have never drank as much alcohol before playing this game.  It has been a pretty pleasant journey through this game and the characters were pretty endearing. Although i expected the h-scenes with the patch, i stayed for the plot. 9/10
gives what you expecting
I enjoyed every second of it! It was incredibly fun!
I was expecting cute girl anime-ish doing dungeon keeper tower defense-esque games where you have to place traps against evil enemies.  Instead. I feel trapped. And It was Good.
10/10 would wank again
This game is just amazing, expecting the next part :3
2 hours in and i'm already question my choices in life and beginning to realize that i might be gay
Oh, this one is exquisite research material. Awesome artwork, likeable charaters.   And remember, the pp just makes it even better. :D 10/10   
Ten Out Of Ten!  WARNING: Lots Of Great GAY
While this is already well worth buying simply because it's one of the very few otokonoko VNs on Steam right now, it also manages to tell a fairly fun story with lovable characters and solid voice acting. Highly recommended.
I got this product for free, with a message telling me traps are gay. 10/10 best gift ever gotten
It's a hentai visual novel about traps without choices (obviously assuming you install the R18 mode, if you don't, then why do you even buy a hentai game). I don't think a player has to necessary be into this, as it's just a funny game that can be taken as a meme. It's certainly funny to play a game like this one, a nice reminder to not treat oneself seriously and just laugh at enjoying a trap dating game. It's definietly a different expierience than just a gay dating sim... because they are traps. Traps are hella gay anyway. 
"Even though he's a trap, I can't take my eyes off him! I was so sure I didn't have this kind of sick fetish!"
TRAPS ARE GAY.  10 bucks for this statement, totally worth it.
Not gonna lie , i am kinda sad that you are not given any choices to make. You cannot choose who you want or make any significant impact in the storys route.  That said tho , fuck me . I love this game . TRAPS THE BEST PogU Yui is best girl tbh , but ah well i enjoyed the game 10/10. Would play again... for other reasons :^]
10/10
Great game joking aside the characters are all lovable and great and this game checks a lot of boxes for me. Definently a must have for a VN connoisseur.
This pisses off SJWs. Buy it.
Thank you Steam
trap is not gay
Does this make me gay?
This isn't praying! This is anal sex!
traps are sacred
Somebody asked me once: "What's so special about this No-Strike and Aogiri Penta fellows you speak so highly of? There are plenty of trap based Visual Novels!" So, I replied: "Sweet summer child. Haven't you heard the legend of Master Aogiri Penta? About the legends of love between men that's so powerful, that even children are born from it?" That was everything he needed to know, for now, there was no going back.  C'MON, NO-STRIKE, GIVE ME JOSOU GAKUEN AND JOSOU MILLENNIUM
Can't really call this a game as there are no choices. It's a book with pictures. It's a nice book though and the bois are very cute so definiately pick it up if you like that kinda thing.
I played it for the plot, I swear.
Ah yes, nounai kanojo's or no-strike quality Otokonoko galgame. Very satisfied with the settings and artworks, but the ending is a small disappointment and story is abit short too. Players are not given the choice to choose, which is fine, but creating a harem is a big no. As a player I want to understand and know more about the character I loved, not creating a harem that only touch abit on each character's story. I understand no-strike is testing the sales result of their game on steam and hope that in next otokonoko series, each character can get their own deep storyline just like the 5 otokonoko galgame nounai kajono has done in the good old days. Still, its very fun to play, definitely recommended for those gay dude out there like me.
This, this is the P E A K  G A Y.
Boys will be boys
10/10  I would be Gay again.
I fuck fox trap I fuck shrine maiden trap I fuck both at the same time  10/10 waiting for the sequel
That time my laifu turned into trap(u).  Aogiri Penta is a God.
Mistakes were made on that fateful day, one being me buying this game as a joke, the other me downloading the R18 patch, and the last me being late to work because I did those things...  Twas pretty funny, until the H-scene, then my straight sense was like nope nope nope  If you are gay, or whatever makes you like traps, it is good game, if not, uh, go back to Nekopara
It's garbage, but maybe it's your type of garbage? But it's still kind of garbage. First off, some good news for carehavers: 1. While the game obviously does throw around the trap word, like, A Lot, both of the love interests refer to each other with she/her pronouns, and the main character starts going along with it at the end. Points for that, I guess. 2. The human love interest is established as being in her twenties, and the scantily clad 300 year old kid in the screenshots is not part of the love triangle and gets no ero scenes. Big relief.  But other than that, it was just a little bit less than what I expected. From the prologue up until the cathartic yet wholly unearned climax, the story's mostly just an alternating loop of one of two gorgeous trapgender women seducing our featureless protag, and the other one getting mad and calling her a skank or something. Any sex scenes have been edited out of this version, leaving not so much as a female-presenting nipple in sight, and let me tell you, this is not the type of visual novel that feels complete without the filth.  Other than that, my main complaint was that the way they wrote the shrine maiden, Mishiro, felt a little spiteful to me. Yui, the goddess, was established as haughty and competitive, but with a sensitive side, and that's well rounded enough for a hentai game, but until the ending, Mishiro didn't get to be much other than a jealous, vindictive psycho, and if not for the ending, I wouldn't have imagined that the writers liked her at all. Was there some character development in those sex scenes that we missed out on? Also what the hell was up with that one joke about her not being rapeable. Gross.  So, yeah, it's kind of trash, and it didn't knock my socks off, but it didn't make me want to travel back in time and tell myself not to spend ten bucks on it either. If there was an "ehh *wiggles hand*" option, I'd click that, but I figure that anyone looking at reviews for this thing is probably within the target demographic, so even though I don't have much positive to say about it, I'm willing to bump my rating up to "sure, whatever, go nuts."  Let the girls make out in the next one.
10/10
nice
otokonoko as advertised.  Can't get that almost anywhere else on steam.  Couple things you might not expect, though.  It's strictly a VN.  It's not a game really, no choosing paths.  Also, some of the obvious in your face otokonoko characters aren't "unlocked" in the storyline ( at least until the teased, "to be made" sequel at the end ? ).  Both those things were disappointing.  Also, you had to get a patch to unlock the adult content on the company's website ( which you had to find in steam comments... ).  But mainly it was as expected for something of this type.  It wasn't expensive either so there you go, worth it.  Definitely makes you gay, unless you get the ungay patch.  So remember, apply protection to your thin, thin masculinity or it will be stolen away, like the fragile, phobic bird it is.
The most straight game I ever played  with 9/10 traps
This is my favourite game. I don't think we've had a visual novel that deals with this brilliant subject for a long time, and certainly not one with an actual plot, despite it being slightly formulaic.   Also traps are gay, and that's a good thing.
"It's not Gey if they look feminine enough" -Godfrey of Bouillon
This game has very likeable and cute characters. I hope there will be a sequel for this.
This is a serious review, not a meme one. I'll start off by saying I've only played about an hour, but I feel that I've gotten a good enough look at it to write a bare bones review. I do plan to update it as I play more.  --[b]Features[/b] This game has a severe lack of customization and features. The settings menu is spare and you can't change very much. Apparently this game does let you use the gallery to look at images you've seen throughout the game and re-watch scenes but unfortunately the game does force you to clear the game once to see this, instead of letting you view an image again immediately after you see it for the first time. The game works weirdly with Steam overlay, for me at least. So I can't take screenshots and I can't use Steam chat or look at guides or use the Steam browser while I play, which is quite a pain.  --[b]Translation[/b]-- The English translation is for the most part fine, they keep honorifics and don't try to badly translate Japanese words that just don't translate into English. However there are some typos and grammar errors here and there. It's easy to overlook but it's worth pointing out. The pronouns of the trap heroines are confusing. Even the main character will switch between using male pronouns and female pronouns as if on whim. But he mostly uses male while the traps themselves use female, which is fine I guess but if only it was consistent.  --[b]Art[/b]-- The art is somewhat charming...sometimes. Go ahead and take a look at the 5th image that the store page shows. The fox trap Yui is badly drawn, with his body turning in a way that isn't possible. There are a few moments like these in some of the art, but overall it isn't so bad. The music is nice, and has a Japanese feel that fits for a game about a shrine. But it could sometimes overstay it's welcome and take too long before switching to another song, maybe they could've used a few different songs for the same moods.  --[b]Writing[/b]-- I really enjoyed the writing. It's cliche with standard characters but it's dumb fun. Sure to get you smiling. However some of the scenes are too long, scenes that repeat many similar jokes and comments over and over. These over-extended scenes aren't too common but they exist.  --[b]Characters[/b]-- For a story like this, where it's primarily just to entertain you and make you smile [spoiler] and to make you become a homo for the traps [/spoiler], the primary characters should be likeable and the game sure does succeed. It's hard to imagine very many people could hate any of the traps, and I'm sure you'll enjoy the chemistry between the characters. The side characters that don't get a voice or model are annoying though.  --[b]Joke about traps being gay or not here[/b]-- I can't think of an original one.
I swear, I am straight.
[h1]''I LOVE TRAPS AND I DONT REGRET TO BANG ONE IN REAL LIFE''[/h1] Finally a Trap/Crossdressing game in Steam which is like a Gods Blessing  [b]Pros:[/b] 1.Its a Trap Game which is always appreciated [i]thumbs up[/i] 2.Its being made by Aogiri Penta which is a trap god artist 3.A Good Story. 4.Voice Actors which is [b]GOOD[/b]   [b]Cons:[/b] 1.No Pregnant Scenes which is little dissapointed imo 2.Shows Error in Resolution but it happened only once. 3.No Choice but who cares when you get a harem anyways.  OVERALL - 9/10 [b]WANT MORE TRAP GAMES TO BE HONEST[/b] Support the developers to get more Trap Games in Future *Fingers Crossed*  Edit - For those horny people who need a R18 patch but remember there are still mosiacs:- http://erogejapan.com/patch/Trap_Shrine_Patch_EN.zip
11/10 GOTYAY
I love TRAP!
Yui is best girl, don't @ me!
"This còck not only enough to make a trap fall and become a female slave to it, but also truly is a [b] legendary demon còck [/b] made to corrupt gods. It needs some punishing. Take this..." - Trap Shrine, 2019
100% not gay you need to get the R18 patch here for the full experience: http://erogejapan.com/patch/Trap_Shrine_Patch_EN.zip 
女装じゃ♪
10/10 it's not gay if they look like chicks
This game was created to pander to me
Is not a Trap if you fall for it willingly. and it ain't gay if the balls don't touch.                                                                                -Gandhi, Mein Kampft 869 B.C.E.-
Traps are gay and so am I
Why are you gay?
wait a minute, they have benises
Buying this game has proven that I make nothing but good, heterosexual life choices.
8:24 AM - Earth Chan: u pretty af tho. Traps aren't gay, they're sweet!!
Good thing you only need one hand to play this game!
pretty gay.
please dont tell anyone i bought this game
With a cute little dog with god powers as support, an overly-protective older sister and a magnificient and beautiful goddess will fight for your love. What more do you need? A thingy between her(his) legs? YOU GOT IT BRO. This is full of traps, but don't worry if your fragile masculinity is threaten by this cute grills because no fenenine p-enis are shown unless you play it with the uncensored patch, you still can fap to it and thinking they're girls  This eroge it's a cinematic novel, no choices are made and it's just the story for you to enjoy it. And you'll do it becasue jokes are everywhere, dirty jokes too if you like them, funny scenes and typical from japanese animes and comedies. A very fun and very enjoyable eroge which can be played censored to avoid sexual scenes if you don't like them since watching them or not it's not necessary to undestand it but to be honest, who plays a trap's eroge censored?  The best grill it's Yui and the rating should be YUI/10 but a 8.5/10 it's fine too
have you ever seen something so beautiful you cried
It is a Trap VN, so naturally the first thing you worry about is... the translation quality. But there was no need to worry, as this translation is neither MTL nor is it cutting out honorifics and adding memes like some of the less serious publishers do. Naturally there will be he's and she's all over the place as it isn't always obvious how one would best refer to a Trap. Had it been SJW twitter, there would be pronoun info in the bio, but here it is more the mood that determines what form is used.  I was positively surprised by the general flow of the story, as it was a light hearted comedy with a cast of a yandere, a fox and a butt of the joke. This is probably what you'll get out of the game in all-ages mode.  If you go for the Japanese experience, it also contains a gay romance, genereally following the pattern of foreplay > main act. As far as I can tell right now, there are no options, just kinetic story moving from start to end. Considering the small cast, I think that is fine as one would want to see it all anyway, and having to pick all options or have no options is the same to me.  Most probably don't need to be told this, but it is an instant buy Trap VN if you intend to play Trap VNs, or it is a game you should ignore and move on from if you don't.
Well, it's No-Strike (Nounai Kanojo). It delivers. End of story. Again, with beautiful artworks of High-Spirit, what could go wrong? Good to see a new instance to Josou series. It's a shame we're getting only two "heroines" this time around, though :( .
I don't understand this game. I don't understand my life.
Traps are straight, so your account is safe, mah boi.  On a side and more serious note, if you are still considering whether to get this game or not, I will recommend the first, because it meets in full that Steam's new and vague criteria of "questionable age", so it can be removed just like MaoMao or other games on a sole whim, and I doubt you want to depend on their goodwill.  Yes, that patch is somewhere around, you perv, and don't press F12, because it hangs the game [spoiler]No, I wanted to shot that funny line about a certain country in the North, and did it for a friend, of course. I swear![/spoiler]  PS: Japanese to English is actually good. An amateur could definetely learn a thing or two from the Translator-sempai.
Yui is best.
As always this is the great, rewarding, hardcore gaming action that only Steam can provide. No other gaming platform will immerse you this deeply, in this case very literally as you delve balls deep down the feminine bumhole of a cute (male) older sister. An experience that will keep you on the edge of your seat as you reach for the box of tissues next to your lube bottle to deal with the sweaty, stress-inducing experiences that the game will throw your way.   I have to say, this time, Gaben has truly outdone himself. A masterpiece worth replaying all day every day.  P.S.: For a truly stressful, daring experience, play while connected.
We need more traps!
Look at the title. Look at the art. What more do you need to know?  Get! That! D!
TL;DR : The game is exactly as advertised by the developer. Glitches and poor translation lead to some unintended humor.  Game is short. Only a dollar though, so it's worth it if you're curious.  So this game is a little rough around the edges. The actual controls and gameplay are fine as far as FPS games go, nothing that stands out, but nothing bad either. The idea of having a medic with you in a horror game setting is pretty interesting. Nagase auto-heals you if you're close to her but she can't heal herself. That's actually a cool mechanic, in theory. The stress comes more from trying to keep her alive rather than yourself. Except it doesn't end up playing that way. This game isn't really about firefights, so keeping her alive is never too tough.  It's worth mentioning that, officially, this game doesn't contain jumpscares, but all enemies, and Nagase, move silently so there is a good chance of something sneaking up on you. I shot Nagase like three times on accident (and maybe screamed a little).   The story seems like it could be interesting but the english translation is poor. The grammar and spelling is actually fine, but it's all summaries of information, whereas it was clearly meant to be dialogue between characters in the original Japanese.  The graphics are basic but there are a fair amount of custom assets, namely the character models.  Honestly, I went back and forth on whether to recommend this one or not but there's very little about this game that's truly bad. It's mostly bland, with a few cool ideas that were attempted. The developer clearly did the best they could. The lengthy game description on the store page and the low price point also shows their honesty about the final product. If you're curious, give it a shot. Otherwise, maybe wait for future games from Sonic-Alpha to see how they improve.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fz-e_m7gadw
Easily the best SCP game for the Mac, thank you for making this. Just a quick question, what are the actual classification of the SCPs in game? I talked to my friend who's big into SCP and they couldn't find a thing on these SCPs despite doing tons of research. Is there some extended lore that I'm missing here? Besides that, it's pretty good.
Truly challenging, annoying but lovely game.  In this game, you can move, jump and attack just like other 2D action games. However, the objects which has unknown functions are located unnaturally. It seems like a bug-ridden under developing game but it's the completed product. To reach the flags, you need to find invisible platforms and avoid sudden pitfalls. Find the unique physical principles only valid in this game. Trial and error is only way to solve the puzzle.  In my case, 1765 programmers' lives are wasted to clock the game. It was a really hardcore game but I found it satisfying when found the unique rule. It is an unusual and creative expression of the hardships of programmers.
Real hardcore, already hate it!!! =)
我就想问小孩到底怎样才能不离家出走？？？此评论来自一名花式BE独自流泪的凄凉老姐姐
ASS
Fun game so far. Just needs more people to give it a try and so that we can do matches against each other in the currently available game modes.  All in all its a good game for the price and the character. The character customization is great and unique imho but it's a bit lonely playing by myself since there aren't many other players at this time.
Game of the year
Fun little game well worth the money. You can tell that the person / people who made this game really had a good time making it. It is well worth the small money they ask for it, I will be gifting this game to people.   If you would like to play it and dont want to / cant put the money forth to purchase it, contact me and I will gift it to you. I will do this for 5 anons.
Don't you just hate bugs? All those creepy crawlies, big, tiny and huge? Fear not, here you CAN kill them all. With different guns and granades!  Having a lot of fun playing this top down shooter. You play as the pumpkin grower whose patch is under attack from the insects. Choose between 3 different guns, level them up to make them more powerfull. One at a time works best, I found. You earn gold to spend on upgrades. If all else fails use the granades. Very satisfying! Gameplay gets really interesting once you have a few upgrades as you have more abilities, for example sprint and you can push bugs away to give yourself time to kill them.  Well made gameplay, with good enough graphics to make it satisfying to kill the beasties. I found no glitches and it's a good few hours of fun for the price. I do look forward to the full release. Recommended.
Open Sewer is a great game. It has pixel texturesm everything is pretty dark and you sometimes hear screams and weird noises from the distance, but this creates a perfect atmosphere in a game where you are a drug and alcohol addicted smoker in a world full of challenges. The game and all of the NPCs have really interesting background stories and you can be a moonshiner. I think Loiste created new and interesting challenges in Open Sewer that the world of gaming hadn't seen before.  The only problem is with performance. The game is a little bit laggy, but if you get used to it, you can really enjoy it.   So it's a really nice game and it's absolutely recommended.
Yey! Tragicomic life simulator with finnish spirit, like My Summer Car! But there you must rebuild not a rusty car in suburb, but a naked-cement khrushchyovka-tenement in the quarantined ghetto. Also, at last I got more idea of brewing processes. Like malt-beer-whiskey production chain.
Lets be honest, I bought this game because of how much Liked INFRA. But once again Loiste interactive does not disappoint. Now there are a few bugs and the game is quite small right now because of the fact that is is extrememly new and in early access but this is a very unique and interesting game. It has an interesting art style. The game definitely isn't done and could use some improvement but the game in my opinion is very fun. It is one of the most unique games I have ever played. The devs seem very clear that they want to continue improving the game. I would definitely recommend this.
Bought because of INFRA.  But i expected the INFRA graphics though.
Определено занимателна игра! Производителите се вслушват в съветите и предложенията на играчите, което прави играта с всеки следващ ъпдейт все по-приятна за игра!  За по-голямо вникване в историята и действията, определено бих препоръчал да бъде изиграна INFRA преди Open Sewer. Tака историята добива значително повече смисъл.
very nice, can i die of not shitting?
Playing Open Sewer reminds me a bit of Pathologic - in both games the player is placed in a strange and oppressive urban environment in which they have to look after their basic needs (and do other stuff besides). Very atmospheric.  The game is set in the same universe as Infra (the developers’ earlier game) but can be enjoyed without having played any of the latter. (I hadn’t, though playing this made me want to check the other out as well, and I ended up really liking both.)
I love INFRA, so when I first heard this spin-off game, I was excited. Now I get my hand on it and I am satisfied. Although there are minor bugs and performance issue, it works well.  Pros:  -The unique economic system in Open Sewer, which is bottle recycling. Also come with Real money (RM) system. -The graphic choice fits well, but I kinda hope it looks more like the one in INFRA. -INFRA spin-off -Make moonshine out of shroom and human feces -Day-night cycle -TEDDY BEAR IS BACK -Vibes of being isolated and poor. -Own and renovate an unfinished tenament building.  Cons: -This game is in ealry access, which means maps are small and lacks activities and NPCs at the moment. -Performance issues such as framerate drop after saving or day-night cycle -No other method to skip time beisde sleeping. -Maybe a tutorial on different systeams such as brewing, crafting, tenament management would be useful. -Lacking of a hud for displaying quests, clearer character status etc.  Updates wishlist: -All-rounded tutorial -Larger map -More NPCs and quests -Flashlight maybe? -More junks and useful items to sell and buy -Performance improvement -Allowing for stacking more stuffs? -Lore related to Stalburg Underground?  "Underground Justice" back in INFRA chpater 9 -A way to finally getting out of Open Sewer? An Ending?  This game has so much potential to become big. Quite an addictive game as well.
REally love the graphics choice here. Also, the ambiance is awesome! What Fallout 76 should have been! Good job!
I bought the game mainly to support the developers. I'm giving it a positive review because the game looks very very promising, and given what INFRA became I can only hope that it will get better as time goes. BUT-- for now, it needs a lot more polishing and bug fixing. Hence why I haven't played the game for very long, movements are clunky and NPCs are very basic. Graphics needs some rework because the lighting system does haywire when you enter lit areas or pass by a lamppost.   I will rewrite the review in a while when it gets closer to "finished".
Much like the studio's last game, INFRA, Open Sewer is equally ambitious and fantastic. Charming LoFi graphics paired with a decently-sized open world and good RPG mechanics make something that's well worth the price. Definitely worth checking out!
[b]For lovers of crunchy antihero indie games, [i]Open Sewer[/i] is really something special.[/b] I'm very glad I took a risk on this one. It reminds me slightly of titles such as [i]Cart Life[/i], or maybe to a lesser extent [i]Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor[/i]. While this is described as an RPG, it is much more of a management excercise. The artwork is charming and the atmosphere is thick.  [i]Essentially, you need to find ways to earn money to support yourself (hunger, habits, health, thirst).[/i] You are given a dilapidated apartment complex, and fixing it up is no small chore. There are several layers of basic renovation, plumbing and electrical installation, furnishing, among other options. Each layer adds value and therefore increases rent payments. While the whole game is a grind, it's a very fun and satisfying one. Earning money can be done in several ways; you can simply collect garbage and sell or recycle it, brew and distill booze to sell, and of course collect rent once you fix up your apartment complex. It seems that at some point you may be able to even grow vegetables, but I cannot confirm that. [b]One of my favorite parts of this game is how realistic the brewing process is.[/b] It pretty much requires every step like IRL. The night and day cycle is great, and even at this early stage - the balance of everything is feeling good. The devil is in the details - even exploring the various aisles in the mini-mart grocery store is a delight.   [b]I could gush on, but at the end of the day, if you like life management sims with an interesting setting and lots to do - you are likely going to have a good time with this.[/b] And there is a lot of meat-on-the-bone here too; after four hours of play I have barely made a dent in my renovation efforts, and have only begun tinkering with brewing. I am absolutely still exploring the map.  [b]Pros:[/b] +This is a very unique game; if you like life management simulators with lots to do, this is a must-own. +The artwork and overall atmosphere is unique and quite charming (albeit cold and dark). +The balance feels good even at this early stage. +Has the most realistic brewing system I've ever experienced in a video game, and I love it. +Managing the myriad of renovations at the apartment complex adds just such a nice thick layer of complexity. +It's fun and addicting.  [b]Cons:[/b] -Definitely needs some optimization. -While the world feels alive at times, there is very little 'motion'. Cars don't drive around, and people aren't walking the streets. I mean, it works, but I am curious if these details would add anything.  [b]Truly an indie gem.[/b] A must-own and a steal at this price for folks that like this niche genre. I really hope this project continues and has a bright future.
Okay, early access review, of course. The depth of this game, seemingly superficial, will take many by surprise. It's got so many elements of other games mixed together that will perplex those already initiated, even. There's an Ultima-type quiz at the beginning that may or may not affect the character-building. It's an RPG that drops you into an atmosphere that is unlike every other "survival" game, but this is not just survival. There's no guns that I know of. I've yet to encounter combat.   We are still unsure of the endgame. But, I will say this: You've seen toilets in games for decades. Some, "useable". The toilets here are essential. The fact that you are already addicted, and lost in a world that you can't hack down a tree to use with a stick should let you know that this is not :B:S.   These guys care about their games. The world they create is real, and you will feel it. Just sit for a while and listen to the incredible atmospheric sounds. I followed their previous game INFRA from the first mention, because of the subject matter. But, if you play that game, and even take a small peek inside the world.. You can enjoy it superficially, and still have a wonderful experience. But, there is serious depth, and that can be found as well.   Knowing their track record, playing the previous game each time after major updates, I can tell you: get in early. Enjoy the kinks, because they really fix their tihs. And, the result is astounding.  This is the kind of game that you will brag about being in on the ground floor.  Plus, the community is so kind and welcoming, you will want to know more about everything. I'm digging up turnips, recycling bottles, and searching for the WC.   The pain will subside. I will escape. You can too.
I've already put about 9 hours into this game. This is an intriguing spin off of Infra, based off of a specific late game level. The level in question presented itself pretty interestingly, and surprisingly works well as the base concept for a spin off game. You play as some form of undesirable who's been exhiled from Stalburg to a ghetto safely removed from the city. You're stripped of your money and assigned a residency that happens to be a whole apartment block. From there its scrounging bottles for OC coins (the currency used instead of a real money) doing favors, and selling stolen goods to traders all to scrape enough money to start making your empty apartments livable. It's got a strange sort of Stardew Valley feel to it, if instead of a farm you had a run down ghetto, and instead of being a cute farmer you're a depressed alcoholic and mushroom addict. Developers are pretty responsive in their discord, and bugs seem to be fixed as soon as they're reported. Its a little rough around the edges right now but I don't expect it to take too long for it to get polish and new features. Based off of how well they did with Infra, I'd definitely recommend this game in early access. They've delivered on promises before and I'm excited to see where Open Sewer goes.
buy to support development. theres bugs, but theres good game brewing here. perkele!
I only played it for a few minutes due to time constrains, but the game makes a good first impression.  The depressing athmosphere of Infra is present, feels like a continuation of the "Turnip Hill" level of Infra.  I miss the voice acting though.    
It's well worth the price if you're a fan of tactical battles.  As others have noted, it's not a great story -- the focus is heavily on combat and customizing your party.  I appreciate not being locked into a fixed party and being able to swap out other classes as needed and it's a significant step up from the developer's prior releases. 
Excellent game for the money if you are an old-school type gamer.  I own all the games this developer has put out so far and have loved them all.  PROs: Improved graphics from the previous games Easy to understand Tactical combat strategy (position really does matter) Turn based (can get up from the keyboard) Loot! Storyline reminiscent of  PnP days Can replay battles Can play as many non-campaign skirmishes as you want Male/Female choice for each class (no choice before) Impressive gear customization and easy shop interface  CONs: Sound was loud (I played it at 1% for comfort, literally) No on-screen customization of gear*  Very worth the money and I hope the developer continues to put out such wonderful and entertaining games.  * About the no on-screen customization of gear: Not all that disappointing. Having played all four games by this developer, I actually prefer it like it is. You get used to knowing which character is which by what they wear. "But but but, I wanna see the new armor I put on!" Really, your characters are already fully outfitted with gear from the very start. Getting loot or buying shop items are [i]upgrades.[/i] Once you look at it that way, the lack of gear graphic changes becomes just about superfluous.  Will buy their next game, too.
In spite of being a turn-based combat game addict, I have only posted one Steam review up till now - and no positive review. Yet I feel compelled to post a positive review for two fundamental reasons. First, I am afraid that this game will be neglected, even though it is already a tactical combat gem. Second, the developer is among the nicest and most responsive I've encountered, and he deserves the support he needs to work his magic to his full capacity.  Now, please understand what this game is - and it is not. This game is first and foremost a tactical combat game - almost a "combat simulator," as one early reviewer put it. And the game does a brilliant job in this aspect. Among other things, the playable character pool is diverse. There are already playable 15 classes - encompassing four different races (human, elf, Dwarf, and treants) with some races having sub-types. In fact, even male and women differentiation is not cosmetic, but substantive - that is, a male elf greatsword will play rather differently from its female elf counterpart. (So this effectively means there are 30 playable classes.) And the enemy types dwarf the playable characters in diversity and richness. Further, and above all, the combat system is complex and yet intuitive in its "realistic" aspect.  This is not to say that the game is without its flaws; it is bound to with any small studio project. But the developer is ultra-responsive to player feedback; and virtually no question or complaint goes unanswered on the forum or on the main game Discord server.
For what it is, it is a good game.  If you enjoy turn-based games, such as battle brothers etc, you will enjoy this.  Do know however, this game lacks polish and doesn't have content such as an open world. Does not have much in character cosmetics and visuals too. In fact, there really is only the battles aspect of the game. There is a campaign story, but it is mostly text based, no voice acting or narrating. The story itself is okay, you just click next mostly which leads you to battles after battles.   The battle aspect itself is well done however. Enemy AI, variety, and the challenge is solid. There is currently 15 different classes to choose from, ranging from warriors, to rogues to wizards. You will find just about every archtype. There is a good variety for sure. And the dev is continuing to add more, FOC, kudos to that.  There isn't much in terms of character customisation besides renaming. For example, if you equip a character with a new sword, the animation model will still be using the default weapon. Don't expect visual changes to the characters, you also do not get to pick perks / stats upon level up. The only customisation is character builds which is done by equipping them with different gear, some of which give unique abilities.  There is also random mission generators, side quests if you want to call it that. There are only 2 random missions to choose from, and the title 'random' is misleading. It is more like 2 side missions, same location, same enemy type, quantity, even positioning. Don't expect a true random mission generator that generates different layout and enemies. More like 2 additional fixed missions you can do, that's about it.  For what it is, aka, turn-based battle simulator, with a party you assemble yourself, it is alright, considering the price isn't that high.   The dev is nice, he listens to the community, is still working to add content to the game, and quick to respond to player feedback.  6/10 Recommended.
If you're on the fence about this one, pick it up. It's all combat all the time. I would compare it to Battle Brothers with no traveling.  Pros:  +Awesome tactical combat +Nice graphics and effects +Undo move, go back to where you started if you miss-click or don't like your placement. +Sometimes there's multiple groups of enemies who fight each other as well as you. Which side will you jump in on? Maybe just let them fight it out and pick off the survivors. +Fun, fun, fun +You can do side encounters to level up your troops and get more money/equipment before taking on the next story mission. But...  Cons:  -Those side enounters are called random but are anything but random. They are enounters you choose but are the same every time on each map/difficulty level. -No representation of different armor/weapons on the characters. This is a huge minus in a game like this. It's frustrating to watch your character block a blow with a shield they don't even have. -There's a story in the background, but why? Whether you read it or not is irrelevant as you just click through it and go to the next combat level anyway. -no permadeath or hiring/firing.  If the dev team wanted to they could address the Con section and make a game which rivals Battle Brothers, Battletech or Mordheim: City Of The Damned. If they don't add to this game it's still well worth the asking price. But they should consider a roving mercenary band DLC. I'd buy it day one.
A decent mix of rpg and tactics with turnbased combat. Personally I love it! Although it still needs some minor improvements. But since the devs are regularly adding new contents and bug fixes, it is well worth the price.
simple game with the focus being on just the tactical combat. the story and travel is text based so no long boring travel or time wasted in towns
Was a really fun game, but theres a giant glitch when you're running from the Dragon that when you try to circle his nest it lags out while you go around the corner and are no longer visible to the NPC and the game freezes
Shieldwall Chronicles is a fascinating turn-based game that uses a very sophisticated combat system. I would certainly recommend this for those who are interested in a combat-focused party based rpg (the combat mechanics are amongst the best I've seen).   Furthermore, I'm also impressed by how the developer has been very active in improving and fine-turning the game.  
This game is absolutely my cup of tea! I love turn-based tactics. Better said I have a turn-based tactics festish.  My only wish would be more playable evil and monster-like characters: vampires, skeleton warriors, toadmen etc. 10/10 
Despite being a sometimes games writer, I write very few reviews, but I really want to see SC:SotN get up over that 80% hump into Positive. I realized just now that I can avoid coming up with new nice things to say by simply copying my own comments from the forum. ---- This is a fantastic, practically bug-free game, really nice work.  Basically a combat simulator with a nice variety of enemies, maps and parameters. Some story branching results in different combats. Many different classes as stated. Store acts as a place to swap equipment, the weapons/shields/staves/bows/etc of which are each dedicated to one class. Party members can be swapped for different classes, of the same level, at any time. No saving during combat.  Overall design and execution very well done for an indie (for any kind of company, honestly). They stuck to combat and did it very well.
A very fun and refreshing turn based strategy combat game, the dev is very active adding content for free and is replying to game balancing suggestions that help make the game have even more depth, totally worth it for the price. I would definately give this game a try if you enjoy turn based strategy like xcom or divinity original sin.  It is mostly combat oriented, story comes in short texts with recently added short clips mostly to keep you interested and have a purpose to fight, but the most attractive aspects are the combat mechanics, which are really fun.
Very smooth gameplay for lovers of turn bases fantasy combats
This is a really fun game. I like the variations of the differnt class types and the use of strategy .
If you're expecting a turn-based, combat-focused RPG, you're going to be really satisfied with Shieldwall Chronicles.  Really good game for what it is.  Enjoy!
After playing and really enjoying Wave Light's other swords & sorcery turn based games, made this a easy choice to make about buying it on release. And so far its great fun, looking forward to putting many more hours into playing.
So i dont often buy games on a whim but yesterday i picked up this game after watching the trailer online, its a simple strategic tabletop turn based piece of game crack simple to play and extremely addictive, i whole heartedly endorse this game. I also picked it up for 15 bucks AUD so it was dollar for dollar excellent value! It has some rpg elements in it that tickle my rpg fancies so you pick a party of 6 adventurers from a large list of options and as you progress you can find and purchase loot to make them tougher. its a great and affordable game.
Awesome game, had alot of fun playing through it. Big shout out to the developer who was so focused on making sure we all enjoyed ourselves and responded almost immediately to all questions. I'll be buying your next game for sure.
I think we can be very brief here. If you're looking for another hexagon turn based RTS game to sink around 25 hours into, this is a great opportunity. It's cheap, it's deep, it offers tons of content with enough variation and progression to keep it interesting. I got this game on Steam Sale for 8 euro's and that is an awesome deal, definitely money well spent. Also at its full price, this is still a buy, in my opinion. Watch it though, because there isn't much story or character development going on.   watch the full review here:   https://youtu.be/Q6LU9U9bqFo
Welp, its not a "great" game but its worth the money if you like RPG Turn Based games.  You can buy Weapons and Armory, but those dont get visualized ingame. You cant create your own Character, but you can rename the Charactes you'd like to play. Its rather short and the Story isnt a big deal at all.  It may be funny, but it really depents on the Person tho. I liked it so i'm gonna give a positive review. I'd say give it a try and else do a refund. :p Else wait for a Sale :)
Game is strickly about the fights, while following a text paced story. Your squad of six can be mixed and matched from a variety of class types, and at any time change the members therein, (who enter at the same lvl as those replaced), to build an unstoppable party following through the replayable battle chapters, which do have some path choice. Also has an adjustable difficulty slider. Visuals are good, the map is easy to move, scroll and slide, or to swivel or adjust the pitch of the battlemap for a good look around.  Control is nice, with a rewind button for doing your last move again, helps with knowing the better percentage spot for dealing a hit or range attack. Does not show a ranged visual depth, so for range shooting its nice to rewind and find where is best to shoot from. You will be able to find equiptment from end battle drops or from store purchases. It makes for interesting choices of buys and who gets what. Potions and gold are scattered on the map for possible use, if you can manouver to them. Equiptment may come with its own perks or skills attached.  Characters have skills, and gain more as they level up, which take AP to use. They also have a morale indicator which if it drops all the way down your people wil panic, losing their AP. You also gain command trait points which can be used to buff your party for a battle. Would love to piece together my own type, with skill choices to make it an even better game, or even add visual changes to gained gear, even though the characters do look great.  All in all, its a very nice game that challenges you at the rate you like, and it can be very difficult if you so chose.
I am the kind of person who usually fast forwards or skips over most dialogue/cut scenes to get to gameplay.  So for me, I rather enjoyed the total lack of cutscenes and exploration in between turn-based battles. There are just one or two little text screens that pop up in between battles, which advance the story and set the scene for the next fight.  Fine with me for a $10 game with over 50 different campaign battles...  As a turn-based combat fan, I'm happy I picked this game up for the price.  The hex-based comabt reminds me a bit of Heroes of Might and Magic 3, but on bigger maps. I could also see this having lots of replay value with all the different classes and difficulty settings.
GIVES ME MY TURN-BASED COMBAT FIX--WITH VELOCIRAPTORS!!  I love turn-based combat like Xcom, and this gives me a steady stream of challenging battles that I can play through in an hour or two. I helped informally with the beta and can say that the game developer is incredibly responsive and has been improving the game all the time--not because it's unfinished, but to respond to feedback and make a good game better. The game isn't Dragon Quest, but it looks and sounds good, and gets more things right about turn-based combat in a fantasy-medieval setting than any game I've played so far.  LOOK AT THE TWO TRAILER VIDEOS:  They give you an excellent and accurate view of the quality of the graphics, settings, movement, plus (only) some of the heroes, monstors, and other foes (velociraptors!).  The one thing the videos don't show is how far you can zoom in, which I really like in this sort of game. Also, you can't really appreciate the supply store where, between each battle, you can buy weapons, armor, spells, potions, amulets, tomes, and more, spending gold you earn by winning or pick up in battles.  CAUTION: I haven't played the game all the way through since I restarted several times while helping with the beta. This is not a first-person game like Fallout 4.  See the videos.  You have a choice of 15 different classes/races, male and female for each, for a total of 30 different heroes.  Each hero has a different appearance.  You cannot change the appearance of a party member.  I don't care, but others may.  Each hero has a different set of skills, health, speed, etc. You cannot change the starting numbers, but you can rapidly improve on all of them as you level up or buy new items.  Personally, I like this better than trying to guess what skills or attributes I'll need.  The story line has some choices and gives a background for each battle and its place in the story's progression, but don't get this game for an RPG experience like that of Baldur's Gate or Dragon's Age.  Its strength is in the elements outlined above and seen in the store page videos. 
good game but short, finished it in 24 hours.
This is a fantastic turn-based tactics RPG that I expect to play for a long time. If you like Final Fantasy Tactics, X-Com, BattleTech or Fire Emblem, Shieldwall Chronicles scratches a similar itch really successfully.  The story is standard fantasy fare mainly in place to just push along the combat, but that's not a bad thing for me. I don't play tactics RPGs for their stories...I play these games because I enjoy the strategy involved in turn-based combat at this scale. My move, then yours, like chess. And the combat here feels great. The system of buffs and debuffs made possible with character skills encourages diversity in party composition. There're fifteen classes in total to choose from (note: this is presented as 30 heroes, a male and female version of each class (stats do differ slightly)), and experimenting with the combinations is going to provide a lot of replay value, I can feel it already. Right now, I'm running with a spear warden, an assassin, a huscarle, a warlock, a cleric and an Ent-like tree spirit. It's truly awesome :)  There's gravy like 3D models that look like miniatures with cool little animations and poses, and the rewind button (!) that anyone who's ever misclicked with their first action in X-Com will love. This is so much more than I could've expected from a two-person indie dev team. This is exactly the kind of gaming I want.
Great TBS game. Dev is updating regulary all ascepts of the game from game balancing to adding new content. You get 6 toons in your party (about 12 diffrent classes to choose from). It's an RPG also with gear spells poitions etc. No worldmap though which i think the devs are gonna add. Sorta like text based from fight to fight. Solid gameplay though. Your alittle weak until you start getting some gear and levels, so dont get frusrtated as the game gets better and better the more you play. Theres a diffuculty slider before each match with 4 diffrent settings to choose from, so if it's to tough (because again there still balancing the game) just use the slider to reroll the fight. I play on hard and only used the slider 1 time about 13 fights in so the balance is there. Also there is balancing that needs to be done as of this moment in time but like i said there working on it. Worth the asking price for sure. My 2 cents
Great tactical gameplay. A bit rough around the edges in terms of presentation and UI but the scenarios themselves are good.  It really improves after the first few fights, which can be a struggle as your team is just a bit squishy. The story is a akin to a text based adventure, you are on a linear route occasionally with a choice between two paths. If you enjoy using your imagination when reading the story and translating it over to the battles then this is for you. My only gripe is that it is repetitive to a degree.  Currently has a few bugs but the developer is prompt at resolving them it seems. For the price, it is well worth it.
It's a really nice game  and if you're into turn based tactical games, you'll definitely enjoy it.  Just be warned this is NOT a RPG or you will be disappointed. You choose 6 characters from a pool of 15 premade, and then it's a succession of battles with some flavor text between them (and the always popular shopping spree to outfit your toons). There is no wandering the world, no dialogs, no real choices, just tactical battles.
Very good turn-based game.  Focused on the fights, not wandering about a map.  Really good.  You can change your options to allow for complex AP (action point) use or simple.  Try the complex AP, it's great.
Decent game at a good price.  There are some minor things, like not knowing how far my ranged units can attack, the spell area of effect sometimes being hard to see and the hexs showing your move distence being covered up by terrain textures.  It'd also be neat to eventually create your own character.  None of these break the game and will hopefully be patched out.
Hello,  Fourth game from wavelight, which keeps delivering the same genre (tactical turn based-fight with units and loot management), and keeps improving title after title. The first game felt.. bulky, uneasy to handle and with balancing issues between characters, while that latest title is much more agreeable to play, with also a graphic step up, and characters are quite balanced. The story is unlikely to be what drives you to play this game, but the tactical fights are stimulating and intense. Characters progress smoothly, and looting will be much needed at first, significantly less later on, but it will take a while before ending up all equiped and with gold to spare. Replayability mainly rests on composing a different warband (which makes the balancing of characters all the more important). Be warned though that, very much like their previous games, enjoying the game to its fullest requires quite a bit of grinding by repeating battles already fought. (A special mention on that to Strike Team Hydra and War for the Deep, which had you patrolling or doing side missions to exp up without repeating previous fights.)  Wavelight games are, so far, of a very honest quality for their prices. Any adept of tactical turn-based combat would make a safe bet by trying one out. I hope to see Wavelight prospering and keeping that continous improvement.
**TURN BASED TACTICS**  not a lot of story or cutscenes .. but TONS of interesting tactical combat  2 thumbs up  **UPDATE**  ok this dev is a workhorse, he keeps updating the game adding lots of new content, for free including cut scenes, which I feel adds to the immersion greatly he also added more story line dialog  this game just keeps getting better
Fantastic game. I love tactical combat in RPG's but I don't care at all for open world. This game is perfect for me: you get linear fight after fight with a touch of a story (could be improved on). Its a little tough to get into it in the beginning because your characters seem hopelessly weak, get insta killed and don't do any damage but quite quickly as you lvl up and get items you get uber powerful. There's a lot of monster diversity too, you'll face crusaders, harpies, lizardmen, trolls and so on! Very cheap for the hours you can put in.
It does not have story line to explore a world, just minimal texts between 2 battles. Graphics are good for this genre, but I do miss the story line, it is not a bad game to ppl who like this type, but the lack of the story line made me bored after minimal gameplay. Anyway I wish good luck to the devs and I will not vote it down. Recommended, but not for me.
Not sure why some people are complaining this game is shallow. I am a ways into the campaign and have been pleasantly surprised by this title. For the price what you get is a turn based tactics jaunt. Characters are premade, but there are several to choose from.   I would rather a character creation system. But there are several classes to choose from beyond the usual trope.  If you have any experience with turn based tactical games, I highly recommend playing on the "complex" setting. I enjoy the game however there is just one design decision that I wish had been made.   Although I like the fact that your party members only gain XP if they survive the mission. I would have prefered a permadeath system where you had to hire a new party member at a gold cost as well as an XP loss. (New hire XP lvl matches lowest member of current party) The higher the level the more they cost. Run low on gold, and you may find yourself recruiting lowbies just to fill the ranks.   OR  At the end of a mission, any character that went down rolls on an injury table, adding either a permanent injury or worst case death.  Otherwise strong title for the price. JUST GIVE ME MY ROUGELIKE THIS GAME NEEDS IT!!!!
I did play this game a fair bit in beta before I bought the steam release, so I'll offer my thoughts on it.  Firstly I'll just come right out and say that if you're a fan of Wavelights previous games or turn based fantasy games in general then this reasonably priced offering is well worth a look, as in this game Wavelight has tried to keep the fundementals of his previous titles gameplay whilst attempting to expand on it.  As in previous titles there is a really nice merchant between battles to spend your hard earned gold on, which like his previous titles can offer fans of this genre a lot of enjoyment just with gear aquisition alone. Gear can also drop after battles, which can be either used by the player or sold at the merchant.  Theres also a small possibility of a "Legendary" quality drop, which is a quality of item not available on the merchant ( merchant goe's up to epic, with legendary being one tier better ), also these Legendary items drop at a max for their level range, so are truly Legendary for the player if they're lucky enough to get one, and will always just beat a comparable top level store bought epic for its specific stats.  As to the maps on the campaign I found they had a nice variety, with some being small scale clashes and some being large brutal affairs, with occasionaly different victory conditions thrown in.  Experience is handed out to your party after each successfull battle with all members who survived gaining some exp, and possibly the guys who contribute the most gain slightly more, the ones who fell during the fight however dont earn any, so it's worthwhile trying to keep your guys alive and well if possible. Also during the campaign ( which centres on the adventures of a newly formed mercenary party ) you are sometimes faced with choices at the start of the battle, these can result in different battles later on depending on which choice you make.  The party themselves are from a range of classes which have both male and female versions, I found they had a wide range of interesting abilities which often combined well ( there were also a few abilities on certain items that could also be thrown into the mix ).  Everyone will have their favorites, mine was the Werewolf, he grunts a lot and I suspected he was a wee bit simple, but once he gained the ability to shift form his use to me was unquestionable. My Celestial mage was a bit of a slow starter but eventually blossomed into a usefull well rounded charachter too, though he never did seem to quite lose the unfortunate tendency to crap his pants at the sight of enemy reinforcements.  As to the difficulty of the game, there are 5 settings ranging from casual to extreme ( which can be altered from battle to battle ), and also you have the option to replay a completed level .The ability to replay actually gives the player the ability to not only replay a favourite level, but also gives them the opportunity to gain more exp and gold, which in turn will make the party stronger when it comes to face those later levels. What this means is that the player can basicly set his own difficulty level and play the game as he/she chooses.  There is also 2 rulesets for playing the game, simple and complex. In simple you have x number of attacks, x amount of movement points, and x amount of Action points ( used for abilities ) In complex you have one pool that governs all 3, so you can elect to move more or fight more ect. I should probably mention, that though the word complex might make it sound like the hardest, and people wanting a challenge might decide to use this option, in reality the complex ruleset actually ends up making strong charachters unusually strong, and is eventually the easiest option by far. Although it's entirely up to the player which they like the most, I found the simple ruleset more balanced and fun to play throughout the game.  I played the game all the way through on normal difficulty useing the simple ruleset without availing myself of replays, and found it to be very enjoyable with good charachter progression with both abilitys and gear, and challenging enough that my guys had to support each other and work together as a team.  Though I must admit, if I hadn't been testing I would have been sorely tempted to replay previous levels for more of the good stuff, some of that gear is pretty sweet :) 
If you like turn-based strategy games with a focus on tactical battles this is your game. The story is text based, but the battles are both fun and challenging. A full description of the game's features can be found in this nice and complete quick start guide by the dev himself (who by the way is very communicative): https://steamcommunity.com/app/951260/discussions/0/3561682880001488432/  A typical campaign takes between 20 and 25 hours, depending on how careful you plan your moves and how much time you spend in the shop, choosing which weapon upgrades, potions or spells you should buy for your team of 6 warriors and mages. There are 15 different classes, 2 game modes, 5 difficulty settings and some choices that provide alternative paths to the end game, so replayability is not an issue.  A game well worth it's (moderate) price!  (I hate writing reviews but felt that this game deserved a loud and clear thumbs up.)
if you are an old school rpg player and like turn based games this game is for you. It's turn based and is no walk in the park (does have adjustable difficulty). Tons of variety and maps. Replay value means I'll be wasting many hours on this game. Love it! Additionally, the developer is easy to reach on the discord channel and repsonds quickly to reqests and such.
Works with Steam Play/Proton (Fedora 28/AMD RX580)
Nice little tactics game, at least from first impressions.   You've just taken over as the leader of a band of mercs, just like Battle Brothers.  Otherwise this is quite a different game.  At least to start with, the campaign side is vastly more rail roaded and simplified.  On the other hand, on the tactics side you seem to have a lot more flexibility and choice of skills to use.  Which can be either a good thing or a bad thing depending on whether you like the extra complexity. Im enjoying the battles,  it's nice to be able to chose to have one or two wammenses in the group, and good to have some voice acting.  I'll try to update this review to make it more helpful once I've played more.  So far though,  this is looking like a good buy for tactics fans,  especially while it's on sale.
IIf you have enjoyed any of the other titles created by Wavelightgames, then you will love this latest title.  It feels very familar, but stands out and doesn't feel like more of the same. Basically Wavelight RPG +1.  If you are a fan of turn based, party management games, then don't hesitate to pick this title up (and while you are at it, Wavelights other three games).  Fifteen character classes, loads of loot, trademark mass battles are still in - it's not uncommon for your party to be capable of summoning multiple units, while fighting along side allied NPC's against hordes of enemies. One of my favourite things about these titles is the massive battles that end up unfolding.  The graphics are quite nice as well, a real step up!  Character classes are still as diverse as ever. From heroic templars, stoic dwarves, to mighty wizards, an ent and a demon possessed elf, there is a myriad of choices for you to build your party from. And best of all, in true Wavelight fashion, you can hotswap your characters at any time outside of battles. Think of it as, rather than your characters gaining experience, the slot they are in does. So if you want to change up your party and try something new, it's as easy as a few clicks, with all the experience and items transferring over.  For the price point, you simply cannot beat these games for the amount of hours you can spend killing, looting and levelling.  The Developer is a legend. He loves talking with his players, and if you find a bug, he will jump on it asap.  He listens to suggestions and really takes on board what we have to say.  If you haven't noticed by now, I'm a big fan of this little indie studio, because they have earned my support by releasing great games, backed up by a communicative, dedicated development team.   If I have to point out negatives, to try and maintain some sort of impartiality;  Like previous instalments, the story is incredibly limited. You get a text box outlining the reason for why your about to fight, and that's all there is too it. The game does not shy away from the fact that game play makes up 99% of what is on offer.  In battle, selecting and deselecting things is a little more sluggish than in contemporary titles (with 1000x the budget).   Overall, it's exactly what I was hoping for. 
Really fun game that is definitely not hard to play and have fun in. The developer is actually motivated to making it better interacting with players on discord, even though it already has less issues than mainstream games. Try not to get robbed!
Very good game! I enjoyed the time i played it but we need more in the game i baisicly have everything in the game right now. Cant wait to future updates and new stuff!  Im a Windows Mixed Reality user and i have no problems with this game controles are the best i have used until now!  On minus there where you can but tanks and stuff its kinda hard to get the small tanks out of the room but everything else is great.  Hope there will come more stuff soon great game for the price.
This game is AWESOME! For all of you who think this game is HORRIBLE. listen up here. I have noticed that ALL OF YOU have UNDER 1 HR of gameplay On Record. So, maybe you should PLAY THE GAME LONGER and see if you like it more? This game is AMAZING as I said earlier and I recommend that everyone play it.
Short, honest review:  - Chill / Relaxed / Laid back. - Has an end goal. - Developer obviously tries with the updates and bugfixes. - Has Mad Potential.
Fun game just the fact that i cant save and if i leave the game and all my stuff is then gone kinda sucks and if anyone knows how to fix it would be great
ok so i do like this game a lot you should play it with an oculus though. but im very sad because i spent 2 days gathering up money saveing up for the armory and then lost everything after i logged in and press new game with out even knowing i feel like this game should have a creative mode or  save slots for users who want to make this experince happen again
I've been playing this for about 4 hours know and I'm really enjoying it so far. I really like the idea and I can't wait for new updates:D Recomended!  Also join the discord: https://discord.gg/QfprUSc
Sure it might not be one of the greatest VR games on the market and it's pretty much a game based on the taste of genre but it has a lot of potential and the developer is very active with the community and is actually responding to the feedback and ideas for the game in the discussions. The personality what most of the VR developers actually SHOULD have.  Keep up the good work!
Really good game, really good dev. the dev odooh is really really helpful and good at his job and will fix bugs very fast.   Join his discord https://discord.gg/QfprUSc
Good game.
This game is amazing if you want to pass time or have a fun game to play this is the one it is 100% worth the price and the devolper of this game is also amazing!
This game is amazing, there may be a few bug but there constantly being fix and this game is being updated frequently. The graphics are beutiful and this is a great vr experence. I personally plan on playing this game alot more in the future.
Great game to relax to, nice soothing music and sense of accomplishment when you get someone to buy a way overpriced weedwhacker, 10/10
Im playing on the oculus rift so my opnion will come from that. Game is pretty fun and the developer gives you support whenever you need it and also listens to what we request. The controls were not so good at the start, but this got fixed with a recent update. My only issue that i have right now is that its still a bit "hard/weird" to place the shelfs, as you cannot always get it lined up with your other shelfs but i except that to be fixed in a future update. You need to keep in mind that this is an early access game , so bugs will happen.  A nice feature is that you can also find some guns in the trash. Working your way up to afford all the licenses and be able to buy the armory and gun shop might take a while but that doesnt take away the fun of the game. I must say that if you dont like to sometimes wait in the game that its nothing for you.  The price is perfect for a game like this.
The game is pretty fun, get shelves, guns, weapons, etc, Put them on shelves, add a price and wait for customers that may have a permit or may not... heck, they may even steal the weapon.  The game is pretty fun but the controls are terrible... Please add an option to change the controls cause moving with the right joystick is awful.
I feel like I should start by adressing the fact that I do only have 35 minutes on the game. I only have this much because I do feel I have personally seen what this game has to offer, and it has a lot of potential.  The game is very basic at the moment of writing, but do feel like this could be a game that I go onto to sink many hours in. as the possibilities about what this game could offer do feel like its got potential. Though at the current state I don't recommend this game.  The controls are bad. Moving around is fine but looking into different directions is annoying to say the least, because it will always open up a buy menu when you do. holding down the click button to navigate the menus is equally frustrating.  The gameplay is basic but could be enjoyable. unfortunately you are given very little money to start with, meaning building up an inventory will take a lonnnnng time, and when thats just a continous grind of waiting for the store to open or someone shady coming in to buy something it loses its fun. I do like the customisation when designing the store, although stands are very expensive... too expensive.  My major criticism is the controls and pace of the game. I feel if you could hire employees to do manual work for you like selling guns, restocking, building guns, it would give it a more entrepreneurial feel. maybe even throw some gun play in there where you could be robbed and have to stop the robber.  I would definately keep a close eye on this game. But for now I can't recommend this game.  EDIT: The devoloper is clearly making a massive effort in this game and I have found  myself enjoying it like I thought I would have. At this price If you're ready to accept it isn't a finished game YET, then definately pick this up :)
Need some tweaking which i know will come fast so i recommend it
Updated review.  I've identified several issues with the day/night cycle, as well as features that I feel need to be implemented such as the option to skip nights and making the buttons on the menu closer to one another so that people with limited space can still reach the continue button on the far right.  Honestly, I'm beyond fed up with the dumpster fire that Steam has become since removing Greenlight so my initial review was quite harsh, but the developer has responded with plans to fix the things mentioned and what appears to me like a genuine interest in improving his/her product. If my initial complaints about the game are addressed, then there's a fun little shop management experience to be had here (ala Shoppe Keep but with modern weaponry).  Thumbs up to the developer for being active and willing to improve the game based on community feedback.
My first review was about how it did not work with Windows Mixed Reality. Since then, that has been fixed and the game works for me. Good game, still needs some work, but it is fun.
Fantasy cozy, actually quite neat I think
Great
Tough-as-nails, nonstop action gameplay, reminiscent of the great flash games of yore. I love the upgrade system, and some levels are downright evil, though not impossibly so.
Low budget Hole In The Wall for VR.  If You have friends that can visit You, buy it cause it's a great party game, but for singles, it's boring because there is no progression, it lacks options, there is no audio sliders, visuals are very bad, I think the game is downscaling in hmd, and second location doesn't have static cam for preview. I wish they build multiplayer so we can compete in real time for better scores.
First of all, really fun game, speed, tension and those holes...  I am playing with 3 trackers, but from curiosity tried to play without them too and both was fun. Really liked jumping in different places in hard mode with trackers (this mode is really hard), but without trackers medium mode almost felt like hard mode. Can't wait to see what will be in hard mode! (Now it says coming soon)  All in all, worth buying. I don't know better game with trackers.
A cheap DLC with plenty of content
Best DLC of all time. If you like the hame this is very useful. 7/10
Adds a couple of new units, which are pretty cool to use, and more characters (idk what to call them) to play as, also relatively cheap.
Great DLC with a lot of new content, would recommend it greatly, fantastic DLC for a great game.
Adds some more content and fun! I dont mind spending a little bit to support the team!
Perfect DLC with a lot of new content, would recommend it, also at a really low price, which could have been a high and still worth a buy
Some people had problems and i got hesitant to buy this. But i took it in my own hands and bought it anyway, faced the same problems as others and feared i got caught too. took 2mins of my time and googled it. turns out if you ''verify integrity of game files'' you download 6 files and problem solved my account was granted the 30days of subscriptions.
Worked for me with no problems.
How to active this DLC ? In game or steam?
I did't get items or the subscription help me pls
DLC works now
Gangsta Sniper > Sniper Elite 4
there's no sniper btw. Amazing story. Thrilling throughout. 10/10 guaranteed to have a great fun while a game from the masterpiece bundle. I feel proud to own this intense action game.
well the gameplay is already and the phyX are dumb and funny XD over the game is already for under 1€ but yeah one of the map is fucked up, for there is no way to win it but nice try for first game but dude, next time to it a bit better and im sure it will be a good game
This game is a masterpiece from the stolen assets to the fluidity of the health bar its perfection id pay more than the 40p ii paid i cant wait for the sequal definetely copping the sequel on day one
this game is very good    but glith take my weapon away pls fix will 100 percent for my yt chanel
I want to start by saying that I liked the models of weapons and characters. Textures for such a price here are top, and the gameplay will not make you bored, I definitely recommend it, the price is juice!
I was looking for more "appealing" paint jobs for my Kenworth W900. This pack made the job easier.
its fun and you get to drive big trucks also for the devs please add a ontario DLC
I had this DLC add-on as a wishlist item for a while. With only two "classic" high hood trucks available I was second guessing. So the first thing I did after getting it was to repaint the newer trucks (T-680, 579, and of course the VNL). I was pleasantly surprised by how well they looked in classic liveries. Even better, the classic stripe liveries can be customized. My recommendation is, go ahead and get this one into your library.
Good job on paint job.  New Idea:  Set traffic offense to easy, normal, or hard for ATS and ETS2.  Do you want to be the best driver of all the truck drivers ?  Prove it.  Please make real variable costs for:  1. driving offenses ? 2. random truck failures ? 3. truck repairs ? 4. fines for damaging A.I. automobiles ? 5. bad parking skills ? 6. truck insurance costs ?  THANK YOU  
i  like  is look cool
Amazing!
Very nice, high quality decals. Easily coustomizable, all round great decals for the trucks. Get this if you have the $2.
i like it and cant wait to put this on my truck. !!!!!
Awesome package, good job scs...!
I like the new paint jobs
Good Good
American Truck Simulator - Classic Stripes Paint Jobs Pack Review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bt586v9Bs3Y&feature=youtu.be
thank u very much
Bought this for less than a dollar with the Oregon DLC. Gotta love the classic paint jobs. Well worth every penny.
I got this for one dollar with the Oregon DLC bundle. So for that price its a good deal. The stripes are a nice addition since their are not that many paint jobs for ATS for whatever reason compared to Euro Truck Simulator. Not all the trucks will line up perfectly. I had a mini big rig and it was off and just didnt look right. So the full sized big rigs are the ones you want to use for thee paint jobs. For DLC that doesnt want to install. Try to go on your steam page and uncheck the checkmark where it says Paint jobs pack or whatever DLC that has not installed. Or you can restart steam and that should make it install the new DLC. Sometimes steam needs help when it comes to starting the download.
 Nice addition to your paintshop clean and simple the classic old style look.  You can combine lots of different colour combinations. 
Just what I had been looking for. Simple clean designs for the trailers in my garage.
Very nice!
Very nice! a nice way to customize your trucks and trailers. it might look good with the upcoming volvo VNL in 2 weeks ;)
this is a great little DLC, Badly needed for ATS as there was a lack of paintjob options in the configuration menu...Great Job SCS, Well worth it!
A cool additional paintjob style, but what's really missing are the Classic Trucks DLC itself.. Maybe an idea for the future?
Classic stuff is always good imo.
90s DLC works now, so the package is complete. Good add on for some game customization.   X Games is pretty fun, but only adds a few hours of gameplay.  Rocket Wings is also decent, but I rarely play that sport.   All this for $15 is not too bad.  I do think though that Ubisoft needs to revamp a few things in this game instead of making more DLCs like this. For example, make a community tab so we can try other players challenges, which could make this game very replayable. It feels very limiting to only get new dev selected/made challenges every so often, and it feels even more spread thin since there's a bunch of diffferent sports in the game now. Skiing and snowboard should be the main focus since its the most fleshed out. The fact that the only way to try other player's challenges is by getting into a party with them and limiting the shared challenge to only one per person makes me feel like they are gate keeping content for no reason. Also, why not keep the new monthly/weekly challenges permanently in the game anyway?   Then, the ringing ears sound effect when your about to fall is one of the most annoying things ever. Please make an option to turn it off so the only thing we hear is the heartbeat SFX instead, that'd be a lot more cooler and easier on the ears. The ringing is very distracting when you're trying to beat a challenge.   I do like the fact that they added a live PVP mode, and are making adjustments to it semi regularly. Right steps right there.
When I bought this everything turned up except for the 90s DLC. It shows it in my DLC but it dosen't in Game
Great game, I believe that once they rework the way that multiplayer works this is be one of the most interesting and fun 1v1 games out there. I personally had an issue with multiplayer but a lot of other haven’t. I will be waiting until there is a fix and not refunding the game because it is worth it.
Precipice reminds me of Chris Crawford's Balance of Power games for all the reasons other reviewers have already mentioned. Its a game about making Cold War power plays across the globe as the United States or the Soviet Union. I watched a couple of YouTube reviews of the game, bought it, then played the tutorial. After that introductory scenario, I started and won a game as the U.S. with a final score of 8 to 3. I spent just over 2 hours playing the tutorial and my first 50-turn game.  Playing Balance of Power so much many years ago motivated me to approach international crisis situations in Precipice very carefully. Nuclear war is a fail condition in this strategic game  just as it was in Crawford's take on the Cold War.  I only pressed the Soviets when I was certain they'd back down, usually after they had attacked a nation that was a close ally of the U.S. (like Japan or Mexico). Other keys to victory in my first game were forming long term economic trade treaties, winning the space race, fulfilling urgent material needs of other countries, and gaining an advantage in the clandestine maneuvers behind the scenes.   The U.S.S.R. also blundered several military invasions during that first game, especially in neutral  countries in Southeast Asia. Rather than publicly lodge protests and demands against the Soviet invasions, I directed American forces to covertly train the partisans fighting against the communists. The Soviets lost a lot of regional conflicts and a lot of global prestige as they retreated from those battlefields. I only deployed American troops in defensive alliance operations when it seemed the Soviets were trying to destabilize an ally of the U.S. The Americans never conducted an invasion.  One final note: The game presented me with a victory screen that declared the U.S. had won, but then explained that there were actually no winners in the Cold War. I disagree. Had the Soviets won the Cold War, I doubt that Balance of Power, Precipice, or many other innovative, interesting games like this would have ever existed.
It's a well thought out game with lots of fun mechanics and counter mechanics. It really does the cold war 'resource war' aesthetic very well and looks very charming.   The only real issue was that it was probably released too early with too many of the AI's features and strategic logic and coding missing. I can see that they are improving it with each patch. Means it will probably be a better game in a couple months.  But for what it's worth, it's pretty good.
I am a big fan of Cold War settings, but in video games I feel this setting falls a little short, especially in the strategy genre. A couple of years ago, I stumbled upon a 1985 Amiga classic (older than I am actually) called "Balance of Power". I played it with an emulator and immediately liked it, but as the game was so old, I wished for some sort of remake.  Precipice is this remake.  It is obvious that the devs have taken their inspiration from this classic, and they did a fine job bringing it up to date.  What Precipice is about? It's a turn-based global strategy game set in the Cold War. You either play as the US or the USSR and have to extend your influence around the world either by risky business such as intrigue, espionage and military actions or by the peaceful means of providing resources to countries in need, development aid and diplomacy. At the end of your turn, any risky stuff that was uncovered by your enemy can be challenged by them. You can either back down and lose some support world-wide or...you can escalate the conflict to the next stage, demanding your opponent to stand down. But they can refuse again...  But be careful and don't push it too far, or nuclear hell will break loose across the earth, ending the game for both parties with a defeat. If you manage to not end us all in a nuclear holocaust, you can win the game by either having more influence points by the end of the game or by pushing your rival to do so many desperate actions that they will crumble in the face of domestic unrest and chaos.  It's a neat little game and if you're into Cold War diplomacy, brinkmanship and risk-taking or if you ever wanted to experience the Cold War on a grand scale, this game is for you. The price tag is appropriate in my opinion.  The only thing I agree with when it comes to common criticism is the weak AI, but since release, the devs have been incredibly active in improving the game and adding new features.  So give it a try and please, try not to unleash nuclear hellfire upon us all.
ITS FUCKING GOOD
Normally I hate strategy games... But there are 3 exceptions.. This is one of them
Nice game, the animals add a very charming touch, however, I am shocked that Portugal is not shown on the map, it was an important country very affected by both the soviet union and the united states.  Anyway, if you like animal people, mutually assured destruction and spies, it's a gud game
It's like Plague Inc. but the illness is communism.
I am a huge fan of strategy games that said. Worth buying that is all. oh and better than paying 500$ for a good game from paradox because of stripping games to bare bones and making everything DLC.
Precipice fills a niche in the strategy genre which to my knowledge has remained unfilled since Balance of Power came out in 1985. The challenge of the game is to not only be winning, but also not winning too much, lest you push your opponent over the brink. The developers have also been working consistently on improving the game in small ways since its launch, which is nice. That said, if multiplayer is your preferred mode of play you may want to hold off since there's not enough to deter human players from "flipping the table" if they're going to lose currently.
A very good game with risks and careful desicions, would recommend to anyone who something like that or the Cold War in general
This Game is legit, my friends !!!
Fun map simulator game.
Did you like Balance of Power? This game is very much like it, less detailed but very enjoyable. I also found very interesting the fact they use animals as the representatives of the countries, it adds an unique flavor when checking each nation.  It does make me angry when I fail at diplomacy five times on a row, but the game is honest with chances. Overall I found it positive.
i love this game :)
A great experience to play with alone or with a friend. Especially for the price. If you like a thought provoking game, I would highly recommend the title.
Have played a few hours of this game and am really enjoying it. I have only played single player - the AI is in my opinion pretty good, and an enjoyable game can last 30 mins to an hour which is perfect. I'm probably going to buy this game as a gift so I can send it to my friend so we can play multiplayer.
Yeah I enjoyed this game plenty despite this game being kinda far out of my wheelhouse. It's also been fun playing so close to release since the devs keep tinkering with the AI but unfortunately that would probably just be an experience for myself and the other early buyers.   Regardless the game's strategy is fun albeit a little muddled at times, since it's hard for me to figure out at first what actions are best used on what countries and when. After that hurdle it's just fun playing chess with the AI and cooing at all the cute animals. I haven't played any mode outside of the standard real-world mode but I'm sure that variability is there for someone.   It's good enough for me at least. Good recommend once you get past the 'oh God what do I do' hurdle.
Did you ever have that maniacal desire to shape the world during the Cold War? With the fate of billions hanging in the balance, do you think you could tip the scales of world opinion in your favor and survive?   Precipice is a very entertaining game. It's like a cross between poker and chess, you plan out your moves, and if challenged, try to see if your opponent is bluffing when he threatens you with his missiles.   I like the idea of not waging war to win, and that war is a no-win scenario in this game, subterfuge and “playing nice” are keys to winning this game. I think the penalties for backing down are a little too tough, but all-in-all this is a really good game.  Read a full review at the [url=https://lonerstrategygames.com/precipice-review/] Loner Strategy Games [/url] web site.
gg
Fantastic game, thank you so much for making this! It has a Risk Factions vibe to it that coupled with the more historic Cold War theme makes this a joy to play. Love the idea of combat via proxy as opposed to head to head conflict, really fun and enjoyable!
The Multiplayer is a bit buggy but a fix my friend and I tried was leaving the game open and having him join via the server list on the right. Hope this has helped anyone. The AI is very poor but the road map says that this will be changed. I have enjoyed this game with friends and its honestly a great game.
It's pretty good.
This is a difficult game.  My vast swath of nuclear losses have mostly come from when I try to do something huge two turns in.  When it comes to single player, I’ve learned to expect that in the first three turns, five turns, twenty turns.  Reading through some of the other reviews, it appears that the issue that most have with the game is that the AI is a rather arbitrary, hypocritical warmonger who mash the nuke switch anytime you so much glance at their turn.  In many ways, I agree.  I won't pretend the AI is flawless.  But it also isn't stupid.  I wanted to write a little bit about what I have learned so far, about how the AI seems to work, and why I think the single player mode is still worth recommending.  I think many of us approach the game with a bit of historical baggage that weighs down our strategy.  I'm a huge history buff myself, and the knife's edge politicking that went back-and-forth during the Cold War doesn't cease to fascinate me.  I can pour over maps from the mid-century and ponder how amazing it was that the world divided itself into camps of red and blue.  So when I see the big bad USA AI come in and invade my slice of the Warsaw Pact, I immediately find myself jumping into the shoes of Khrushchev and wanting to cable an immediate WTH to the man in Camelot about why he DARES to invade MY sphere of influence.  Naturally, the rash digital Bostonian, with no historical fanboyisms weighing it down and knowing that it is not skin off his microprocessor back, doesn't even flinch to escalate my indignant cable to the next level, which of course I cannot ignore because I have history on my side.  But this isn't history.  The AI doesn't matter what color Bulgaria or East Germany were 1962 Europe.  What matters to it is how many pips they are worth on the score board.  And I just let the AI trick me into stalemating the game over a one point swing.  This game is much more akin to a GMT Twilight Struggle than a Paradox Victoria II.  "Spheres of Influence" don't really exist.  What the game comes down to is regions.  You score be either owning more than half of them or the whole thing, nothing else matters, as much as it may hurt seeing Red China go Blue in itself.  Nothing else, besides those swings between majority and not, and all and less than all, matter in the end.  If I notice that the USA is invading Ethiopia, a government loyal to me, and there is little reason to intervene.  There are so many countries required to even get the majority bonus in Sub Sahara, that even risking a spat with USA is foolhardy.  Maybe they win, maybe they lose.  If you’re lucky, you'll be able to prolong the war into a quagmire by aiding the rebels.  A move your opponent can't challenge you on.  What about the other side of the coin?  What about that coup I was trying to pull off in the Gulf States?  After several turns of patient trade agreement with Saudi Arabia, careful diplomacy with neighboring Iraq, and several wads of AK-47s sprinkled liberally across the surprisingly rebellious, I make my coup attempt.  Only a 34% chance on the dice, not quite a moonshot, but still a risky use of 3/5 of your action points that turn.  Success!  The Bloc Party just scored a Gulf resort for the 1963 Workers Liberation Bonanza.  But what's this?  A cable from the USA?  Do they want to join?  No?  They want us to UNDO our coup, throwing our entire last turn down the drain?  Well, that's a battle worth fighting, wouldn't you think?  Maybe.  But the AI knows for sure it is.  Because if I take the Gulf States, I'll have neatly tied up the whole Middle East, earning a massive score swing.    The AI, as far as I can tell, ain't stupid.  The AI would rather end the game in stalemate rather than me walk off to an easy victory.  And perhaps more importantly, the computer isn't willing to throw away a shot at winning the game.  I have found that the most opportune time to challenge the AI is when they are ahead.  Think about it.  In a drawn out game against a bitter rival, you'd much rather throw the game so you both lose rather than let him take the W.  Spiteful, sure.  But humans tend to be and computers can be programmed that way.  So going back to my Gulf State coup, I know that if I stick to my guns, I'll find myself having to shoot, 10/10 times.  Your opponent’s simply won't let you have it easy.  But he can't stop you from having it at all.  Eventually, after a few more turns and a couple more scoops of rubles, another coup will get through, one that he cannot trace back to you.  Or perhaps they experience a famine, you have just the grain to send to their grateful people.  Or maybe even standing up to the USA somewhere else and having them back down will cause the Gulf States to lose some respect.  There is more than one way to get what you want.  Trying snap up key countries with invasions and coups comes with a high risk.  That's why they weren't as common as simple and mundane diplomacy in the Cold War.  But the slow game works as well.  Even a ripe prize like breaking into NATO can come through steady and careful encroachment, which the USA can only stop by putting its other goals on hold.  In summary, the AI isn't a pushover.  It is more than willing to cross the red line if not doing so will swing the balance of power.  I won't pretend that it won't make similarly obstinate stands over issues that seem less critical to you, but then you don't know its strategy.  That is why I spend many of moves doing the slow game, with diplomacy, Space Race, and foreign aid shipments that my opponent can't challenge.  But it would be false to say the AI never backs down, and it won't walk all over you if you don't let it.  It seems the more you tolerate its odd invasion of Vietnam, the more willing it is to let your occasional foray into Afghanistan slide.  80% of what the AI does I ignore, and quite often it returns the favor.  Don’t turn everything into a crisis.  Every victory I've had so far has come by giving the AI just enough rope to hang itself with.  Let it invade East Germany.  It may be the last straw for a war weary American populace who have just about had it with pointless foreign wars fighting Soviet backed freedom fighters.  They may just be willing to force their government from the precipice. 
I don't often write reviews but after having a chance to sit down with this title I realized this was the kind of game I've been seeking out for a long time. If you're a fan of 'Balance of Power', 'Twilight Struggle' or just games that support mods emulating the cold war this is definitely up your alley.  Precipice is a 1-2 player game of diplomacy, secrecy and sabotage. The ultimate goal is to garner enough support and/or prestige in the world to outdo your adversary, all while avoiding a nuclear armageddon. Usually accomplishing a victory would involve expanding your clout over regions of the world, winning the space race or engineering a civil uprising in the opposing superpower. There's all kinds of options from diplomatic cables to coups or even supplying resistance arms when your opponent engages in open warfare against the victim nation. These games also offer some random events which could encourage you to unify divided nations (i.e. the Koreas) or supply goods to a country suffering famine (in exchange for influence). Expect games to last one sitting session usually a few hours in length depending on settings and whether or not you face off with another human player or AI (pacing feels good though!)  For a game I thought was rudimentary in these functions I had soon realized it offered far more depth and complexity to which I really enjoy. Even facing off with the AI is a serious challenge, I'm a big fan of game play that really forces me to make hard choices.  The only real downsides that I can think of so far are some minor UI adjustments and the method to connecting via multiplayer (which can seem a bit confusing at first but is easily overcome once you open those ports on the router.)  10/10 would nuke again.
A lot of fun, Could use some mouse over tool tips for the different icons though.
Early review as I only played a few hours and did not try online PVP yet, but I really enjoy it so far.  The game is harsh and unforgiving, but eventually you understand that you can't poker face your way out of all confrontations, and need to make compromises. Lose influence but avoid nuclear war; then strike back where it hurts.  I lost almost 10 games, some pretty fast, before I finally managed to get a victory by letting political unrest consume my enemy -- right before that of my own faction would soon have me thrown down. Only played the AI so far, but I like that it tries to adapt to my gameplay.  The AI can have a tendency to send nukes a bit too fast right now, but the developers are actively listening to player feedback to improve it. If you're concerned that it might be a pain point for you, give it a few weeks of time and try again.  I'm now looking forward to trying online PVP, as I assume the tension of escalating or not will be quite different.
Edit: The devs have fixed this issue so I will give the game a tentative thumbs up. It's still not amazing, but now it's decent enough to spend an hour on here and there. My main concern is that while the AI is a little bit less aggressive now, there's still no way to tell what the AI is willing to nuke you over and what they are not willing to nuke you over. It would be nice if spies could tell you the AI's intentions rather than just starting coups.  The AI is unfair. So many times you will lose because the Soviets won't, for example, refuse to stop invading Mexico of all places. They never, ever back down unlike in real life, making nuclear war inevitable.
I see some complaints about the AI here. After 2 hours of experimenting, it does indeed seem pushy in the sense that it doesn't back down much, if at all, but you can actually play around that (agents, space race, letting your opponent destabilize himself, and others).   It's a must-buy for history fans and for anyone looking for something not too complicated but with a learning curve, where you can play a few games and have some stories to tell about that time the US was so angry with my trade agreement with Central America, they invaded it and lost many troops and stability at home sustaining that war. Or that time the USSR sweeped in the Middle-East because of the Iran-Iraq war. Also, who wouldn't want to prematurely reunify Germany or Korea?  Multiplayer looks very promising, but currently couldn't find an online game, not sure for what cause but probably low population numbers. That being said, if you find a friend, it's fascinating to learn about each other's styles and play a few games to see how both adapt to new strategies.  Definite recommendation.
The AI is awfully trigger happy....
Imagine playing chess but every time you made a move your opponent did not like, he can tell you to undo your move, and if you disagree, you both lose.  Ok so thats basically a summary of this game You have to work together with your opponent so that way you both don't blow up the world while at the same time trying to win the game yourself  This game does have its problems but overall its new, challenging, and a lot of fun.
Ever since playing Twilight Struggle I've always been waiting for another Cold War simulation game. This is one of those very rare games that when you lose (or rather end up with a draw), you don't feel mad or feel like it's unfair. You just learn more for the next round. It takes awhile to get the hang of, so you'll be playing against the AI for awhile before you even dare attempting a live game.  Long Live the Ursine Soviet Socialist Republics!
An challenging yet highly enjoyable game. A slick UI (that could still use some touching up in regards to fast clicks) and an attractive aesthetic and theme, an interesting implementation of its mechanics, and a good soundtrack make this game a good time, but only if you have the patience to take a loss from time to time.  Pros: Visually appealing Challenging but not impossible Good replayability Comfortable and widely varying match length Unique features  Cons: Two of the AI options are inhumanly aggressive. Though this may be by design, it takes you out of the game when every escalation is 'all or nothing' and your only option as the player is to back down immediately or be crippled. Occasionally glitchy UI when dealing with 'diplomacy' option and clicking from one country to another without zooming out first (Sounds niche but comes up surprisingly often)  Overall: 8/10
This is a game I expect to enjoy for quite some time. It's deeper and more serious than an initial glance might let on. There seems to be a lot going on under the hood and many different paths a game could take.  For example my first game was over in two turns when I and the USSR got in a standoff over an invasion of Pakistan which immediately escalated its way up to nukes. My second game is into turn six or so, I've won some diplomatic points, destabilized a regime, and am involved in a proxy war in the Middle East. So far so good.  The graphics are unique and the presentation is simplified in many ways. However, that helps condense a lot of information and options into easily managed bites of info which can be easily seen and recalled when needed.  My only criticism so far is the music. It often feels intrusive to me as I plan out my next moves. I can appreciate the rise and fall of tempo and tone but the changes are jarring and break into my thoughts. Obviously there's a volume bar and I can listen to whatever I want--so this is not a huge deal, just my opinion.   I love Precipice so far, and can't wait to continue exploring an era and political system that can be so hard to pin down in a game.
AMAZING GAME! This game doesn't let you win easily, and you don't always get what you want. Sometimes you have to give in to the enemy, or you both lose, through nuclear catastrophe. It's difficult, but in a very fun way! I am sure that you will LOVE this game if you are into simple political strategy games as well as those who love militaristic strategy in general!
It's adorable and the tutorial is outstanding. Mechanics do appear to have a lot of potential for multiplayer play, however there is apparently some work to be done on the AI side. So perhaps beware if you don't have a friend to play with. It is, however, the price of a bougie sandwich and coffee so consider picking it up and trying to guilt some friends into it later. It certainly seems to be worthy of its asking price.
This is a solid game so far. Didn't look like one on screens.  Reminds me of Twilight Struggle board game, but with more options.
This game is not a war game in the sense of taking land, it is a game about supporting the nations that support you and playing the long con with the other side. If you enjoy the idea of that then go at it.   For transparentcy I have returned this game, however just because I don't find it fun doesn't mean that others will.   And the game has hard work put into it and the game runs smoothly, and the art is cute.   Again this is a game about indrecit war not hot war.
Now, I don't know much about the cold war, nor am I very smart, so this game really intimidated me, but after the amazing tutorial, the game isn't really that hard to understand, the game isn't an average turn based strategy game, or an average wargame (as it says before every round), so my expectations weren't particularly high when I saw that, but after 2 hours of playing, boy is this game good. Any game that I can stay up until 6 am playing is really good in my books.
Hot damn. It is about time we get a worthy Balance of Power-like game.
the kind of game where you lose over, and over, and over again, but don't really feel mad at the game for your losses, because you know that it was all your fault and you need to do better  a few developers since the 90s have tried, but this is the first game that has actually felt like a successor to the old Balance of Power games from way back in the DoS era
EDIT: After giving the AI a really big lead, I pushed it to the brink several times and won a game. I think this review is based on me misassessing what it means to be "ahead" -- I need to play a few more rounds to decide if the game works. It looks like the AI likes to start wars which it extends for far too long, after which it loses the game.  It's possible I'm not getting it, but there doesn't seem to be any reason not to start a nuclear war. Continuing at a disadvantage is pretty much strictly worse than starting again from fresh. The AI seems to play by this logic too.   It seems like I'm required to play bad moves on purpose if I want to continue the game at all, and that the AI will escalate to a nuclear war the moment I get an advantage. Most of my games end on turn 2.  This seems to capture the idea of nuclear war, but It doesn't make for compelling gameplay.  (I've edited the review to Yes because I suspect a "No" review will hurt the creators' sales for algorithmic reasons. However, I really don't recommend this game in its current state.)
Good game. I love Cold War strategy games, and I think this one nails things that others don't: like resources, operatives, and standoffs. The mechanics are unique and enjoyable. It feels easy enough to pick up. I have noticed some minor bugs but overall a very solid game.  [b]Update:[/b] Many of the complaints I had about the AI, game balance, and several bugs have been fixed already. The devs have been listening to the community and are actively updating the game  based on community feedback. The game has already improved pretty dramatically over the last few days because of the hotfixes. Keep it up, devs.  [strike]EDIT: I will note that nuclear war seems to happen VERY easily in this game. I cannot tell when the AI will back down and when it won't, but it seems to have an itchy trigger finger in my experience. I feel like the devs should consider changing how standoffs work to discourage nuclear war from happening. Like making the punishment for backing down much less severe, or having the ability to negotiate. It doesn't make sense to back down if the consequences of doing so are usually so severe that it wouldn't make sense to continue the game anyway. It sucks to be 40 turns into a game just to have it literally blow up. I like the game, but please devs, find a way to make nuclear war much, much less likely.[/strike]
It reminds me of Balance of Power from way back in the day.
A cracking little historical strategy game. Easy to learn with great unique mechanics. What really sells the game though is the artwork. Leaders look amazing and you can tell they've put a lot of time and effort into this
Fun. A+A+A+
Haven't played any Jigsaw puzzle games on my computer, this is my first one.  Really not much to say, it's Jigsaw puzzles.  There are many difficultys to choose from, various languages and many images. Overall I like this, very relaxing
This game has two new features not in the previous games in the series. Puzzles now have up to 800 pieces. Also there is an option to rotate the pieces the right way up. Luckily you can turn this feature off if the puzzles get too difficult. It's a shame that Steam doesn't give Achievements for each individual puzzle like in the Cities and Monuments games though. I hope there will be more jigsaw games in the future. I think a wildlife theme would be a good idea.
Originally I wrote that there was a new feature that had the pieces rotate so they weren't always the right orientation. Originally you could not turn this feature off, and I didn't like it because I thought it made the 200 and 400 puzzles too hard. But they let me know that they updated and now that feature is OPTIONAL! :) This is the best of both worlds because then you can use it for the 40 or 80 pieces if you want them to be harder, but turn it off for something like the 800.   The 800s are still too hard for me, but probably a fun challenge for a major jigsaw puzzle enthusiast. And as I mentioned before, you can use the boxes on any puzzle you want and still get all the achievements. I think that was a smart move because the 400 and 800 are hard enough without being able to sort by color/shape.  Anyway, this is a thumbs up :)
that's golf
Bought this after watching VideogameDunkey's video. Hilarious concept and works well. Looking forward to future content from the developers. I feel like a mix of Tiger Woods and a GTA Online character.
Republican-wet-dream sport. What's not to love?  But for real this game is addictive. I bought it and immediately put 2 hours into it. Would love to see some more guns/courses initially, though. But it's still a blast (pun intended).
This is truly a great game. Beautiful courses and awesome music really do make this game fun to play. Also, it turns out to be very relaxing.
Solid music, big guns, bigger balls. Grab your balls and play with your friends! You won't be disappointed xD
Totally would recommend it.
This is a masterpiece of Gaming. Overwatch? Fuck that shit. Fortnite? For Scrubs. This is a true mans game, where only the manliest of men can handle the absolute raw skill and gunfuckery that is Nice Shot! The Gun Golfing Game. 19/10 would recommend.
A silly golfing game properly priced at the <$10 mark. Would be a good game to convince your friends to get to mess around with and have some laughs.
Surprisingly fun game.  Definitely one to beat, as the game gets a lot more fun after completing the Expert level. Great game to play while waiting for something to complete, execute, begin, etc.  Haven't had a chance to play multiplayer, yet.  I'm impressed that this game actually [i]has[/i] multiplayer as an option.  Good work, dev.
Everything it promises to be. Not the most polished hgame int he world, but this is the kind of goofy shit I love to see form small indie developers, and I'm excited to see where they tatke this project in the future. Definitely going to buy a copy for my friend so we can play togheter.
Kind of delightful. Could use a little polish, but still worth the buy.
Better than Red Dead Redemption 2. GOTY every year boi.  We also actually got to play against the dev; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-7h-jIE4pU
A chill game after a long day with surprisingly good music. Definitely worth the 7$.
Great game for a quick round of gun golf. Very zen.
Best sound effects I heard in a long while... ( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°)
THIS IS NOT A GAME!!    It is however a visual novel that lasts just 6 minutes and is a great learning tool for any virgin or aspiring lesbian; if any man sees this as an educational tool then clearly you have been fcuking a penguine and not a human woman!
to end this game press alt + f4  countries that I never knew exist.
IT DE BÄST GAEM EVEAH!!!!
Okay so first off I think this game should at least have a quit button. I know it's runoff unity but it shouldn't be too much (not taking points off for that though). As for the game its self, I did enjoy it for the first few minutes of play time, until I started to notice the word list was really long and random. There are 4-5 categories including Countries, Fruit, and Animals. As far as I saw they must have put every country they could find because I ran into a few I've never heard of before. It's the same for every other category... in animals, I got binturong, African palm civet, and greater swiss mountain dog as my first three. Again I didn't know what these were. The funniest thing I found though was Javanese in Animals which apparently is the language of the Javanese people from the central and eastern parts of the island of Java, in Indonesia. Anyways I give the game a 3/5 as seen below.  ---{Graphics}--- Paint.exe but it's good  ---{Gameplay}--- It's hangman, play it when you're bored  ---{PC Requirements}--- Can run on a raspberry pi  ---{Difficulity}--- Helps you learn random things, but it's easy  ---{Price}--- If you have the spare money it's worth it ( I got it for 0.49 USD )  ---{Overall}--- 3/5 would reccomend if you have extra money for it  =Please add a new wordlist=
Its just about hanging out
[SHILLING INTENSIFIES]
Great game
I'll write a full review later, but for now, I wholeheartedly recommend this game. It is one of the best stories/games I have ever played through and is easily up there with the likes of Witcher 3 and the Legend of Zelda Games.
One of my favorite games of all time and definitely my favorite in the 'adult' or 'rpgmaker' categories. I've spent at least a hundred hours playing this game before it came to steam and probably as many messing with guides and spreadsheets trying to optimize everything.   If you are looking for a quick fap, this isn't the game for you. While it has (text) sex scenes, and they are well written, they aren't the purpose of the game. It feels like the game is about telling the story of this world and these characters and the sex scenes arise out of that because sex is a major part of the world. Also, like everything from Sierra Lee, there is desconstruction and lampshading of various tropes.  As for the game itself, it is mostly a standard rpg maker game. Most things boil down to walking around and talking to people, and combat is simple but it works. The main game play comes from making choices and discovering the impacts they have on the world. Unfortunately, most of this doesn't really come into play until Chapter 3, so there is a lot of investment to get to the best part of the game.  The pay off is worth it though as the wars and other major events you influence make it feel like your decisions matter, more than any AAA game I have ever played.
In an effort to be completely transparent: I have been a huge fan of Sierra Lee for many years now and am proud to say that I support her many releases on Patreon.  Normally you use this pretext when you reviewing a game you received free of charge, but seeing how The Last Sovereign is free for everyone it’s probably not strictly required.  With that being said, let us move on.  I have played innumerous erotic video games. Visual novels; from classic tales of high school girls finding testaments most dark, morality plays of brothers thrown into remarkable incestuous harem fantasies, and more attempts at understanding fate and its ability to do things while staying the night that I can possibly recall. Puzzle games, where matching the correct colors of falling blocks allows one to bed various voluptuous ladies, or where sliding tiles allows one to open a window into a titillating world of treats. Side scrolling shooters where the enemy most dire is the scant millimeters of fabric that separate you from your target’s sauciest of bits. And of course more traditional RPGs than I could shake an engorged stick at: I’ve seen the virtuous and promiscuous sides of dozens of heroines, collected harems across multiple universes, and on more than one occasion saved the world with the power of ménage à trois. This is all to say that I consider myself a connoisseur of the erotic video arts, and as a well-seasoned traveler in these waters I feel very confident in delivering the following judgement:  The Last Sovereign in the greatest pornographic video game ever created.   Lofty praise I know, and praise that many of you would consider hyperbolic out of hand.  But allow me time to present you with why.    The soul of The Last Sovereign lies in the amazing writing crafted by its creator Sierra Lee.  From the interpersonal relationships built between characters, the political drama spanning multiple countries, even the descriptions of seemingly benign items; everything has been finely crafted for maximum intrigue, humor, or gravitas.  Within this game you will find moments that will have you laughing out loud, moments of real character growth, and moments of absolute gut-wrenching sadness that will leave you shaken for days.  And this is all from a ‘porn game.’  Sierra has expertly written over a hundred different tantalizing scenes of carnal passion that will turn the proverbial crank of all comers.  But more than just simple written errotica, the setting of The Last Sovereign is one that simultaneously embraces magic and sex on a fundamental level.  It is a world where incubi and lust-based magics are just as common as the more traditional wizards using mana to sling fireballs.  Even if you were to play the game without the amazing erotic scenes, this would still be a wonderful and engaging example of an Adult Game because of the themes addressed and embraced during the storytelling.    However, if there is an aspect of The Last Sovereign that allows it to stand tall above all other entries in the world of pornographic digital entertainment, it is the fact that at its core The Last Sovereign is a really fun game to play.  So often Adult Games strive to put the porn content first and foremost, with the game portion being little more than poorly contrived foreplay.  The game becomes the thing you have to sit through to enjoy the porn.  How often have you set out on a new adult adventure only to find all the foes surrounding your nubile heroine to be a joke, barely worth the time it takes to select an “Attack” command, or games that throw so much experience at your party that they quickly outmatch any enemy they might come before. These games often become nothing more scavenger hunts with the players time spent trying to find the next flag to unlock a new erotic scene, like a stoner rooting through their sock drawer looking for one last hit of the good stuff.  This is unequivocally not the case here.  The Last Sovereign is an engaging experience that forces the player to make choices that have a real effect on the world the characters inhabit.  There are real consequences to your choices, and it’s impossible to be everywhere and do everything when time is a factor.  The highest praise I can give to Serria’s magnum opus, especially when comparing it to the hundreds of other “Adult Games” on the market, is that I would gladly play this game even without its erotic content.  This is praise that I have only been able to give to other games by Sierra.  Not only is The Last Sovereign my favorite Adult Game, it is easily in my top 5 favorite games regardless of genre.  If you like old-school traditional RPGs, you should play The Last Sovereign.  If you like engaging and original fantasy settings, you should play The Last Sovereign.  If you enjoy finely crafted written erotica, you should play The Last Sovereign. If you appreciate quality games, you should play The Last Sovereign.  You should play The Last Sovereign.  
Note: I have played the Patreon Version of this game for 50+ hours.  When I first played this game I expected it to be like most lewd games: Fun for 1-2 hours, erotic if you are lucky but soon to get boring. Boy was I wrong.  The Last Sovereign instead is s fully fledged story driven RPG that treats it‘s sexual thematic with earnesty. It even makes fun of the childish and immature way of most lewd games by starting exactly like one of those, but quickly turning the whole premise on it‘s head. All that doesn‘t mean that the game is dead serious: It contains a good portion of light hearted humor driven by it‘s loveable characters.  The characters itself are the main gem of TLS. You meet a diverse cast of characters, all with their own motivations, fears and quirks. Some may seem a little flat at first, but all of them have enganging and belivable character arks.  The story is epic in scope. In the course of the game nations clash with esch other, ancient evils are awoken and heroic sacrafices are made. While the sexual focused theme is unusual, it is integrated very well in a full fledged, sometimes even gritty fantasy story. What sets TLS apart is that you will not only slay monsters and grab loot, but also attending international conferences or waging a war from the point of view of a commander. This gives you a feeling of involvment with the world other RPGs where you are just a killing machine are souerly lacking.  Gameplay wise TLS is a pretty standard RPGmaker Game. The Turn based fights are solid, but nothing special. Since the game has no respawning monsters or random encounters, at least grinding is not a problem. You will spend more time in dialogs than in combat. The texts are very well written and ilustrated with nice portraits for the main characters, but otherwise happen against a mostly static backdrop. Apart from the portraits the graphics are mostly RPGmaker default assets. A clear weakpoint of the game. The sound is also mostly functional.  Sex in this game only happens in text. There are a few animated sprites of characters having sex, but they are seldomly used. The erotic texts are very well written and offer a diverse amount of characters and situations, but not everyone is turned on by erotic novels. At least a few CGs would go a long way to spice up the game. If you are not into the erotic part of the game, you can also just skim the sex scenes. The story is well worth it.  In the end I can only whole heartedly recommend the game. It‘s story and characters are amazingly written and better than most RPGs on the market. It‘s sad that the RPGmaker look and the sex focused theme will most likely deter most people from playing it. If you can, give it a few hours and see if this game can suck you in as it did me.
I spent a couple of weeks playing this game years ago when it was further back in development. I won't say "still in development" because thanks to the constant attention that the developer gives to this project it continues to update even now, years after the last time I sat down and turned it on. Even then it was an incredibly well done, deep and story-driven RPG that just -happens- to be themed around god-kings with sex powers.  Compared to any other game built with an RPG Maker engine this game stands out from the crowd. In terms of an engaging story and character development, it stands out above many studio games as well. And for a price tag of FREE, it's hard to find a reason not to give it a try.
Zorbie now actually has pants! A much needed addition to the game!
I really dig the minimalist style, especially wit the different level "themes" you uncover later. I've never been good at SuperMeatboy or the like, but this one feels a little more forgiving! Good title if you're craving a skilled platforming fix.
This is a great platformer with intensely precise controls. Visually it's quite beautiful, with a minimalistic style that I love but excellent effects and feedback.
Simple  and clean platformer with a large variety of increasingly demanding puzzles and trials. Quick to pick up and play. Easy to learn, but difficult to master. You have complete air control and high friction which might take a bit of getting used to, but lends to the high speed of the puzzles once you get the hang of it.  Rapid restart and death cycles so you're not spending a lot of time waiting as you're crunching through trying to shave off just a few more miliseconds.  Highly reccomend for you platformer fans that like a challenge.
I've been playing since beta (iOS) and I'm still impressed. I can only recommend the game. An absolutely brilliant platformer! Fast and tight controls. Briliant design.  If you like SMB, you will not be disappointed with Almost There!  Well done!
Really fun! I like the color scheme, the gradient background and color pallet are very relaxing even when the gameplay is exciting and stressful. It's a really nice combo! If you like challanging platformers like super meat boy you will like this!
This game is very fun actually, but just wait until you get to harder levels, you will understand why it's named "almost there".  I enjoyed it a lot, the control is great on controller, light weight (only 460MB on disk).  There might be some unintuitive UI, but it does not affect the gameplay. Hope the dev can update. But in general, it's a good game for the price. Playing it on bed is great :).
If you're into hardcore platformers of the Super Meat Boy variety, I recommend taking a look at this one.
I cannot explain how much I've wanted a platformer similar to SMB. This hits all the needs that SMB left when I beat it. The levels challenge you and make you think about how to get the fastest time. Controls are tight, visuals and effects are on point. I can not recommend this game enough.
Warning! Highly addicting game! I could 100% see this game being run at a GDQ event--it's fast paced and requires a level of precision, but thankfully doesn't feel like a rage game. The stripped down art style makes it easy to follow your little block-ninja and not get distracted by unimportant fluff.  Somebody please speedrun this so I can see what the higher levels look like!!
Enjoying this game so far, it's my kinda jam :-)  Love the simple but pretty graphics too...
This game is hard! It's definitely a fun challenge. If you like difficult platformers this game is definitely one you should check out. Don't forget to grab a controller. The controls are great, the graphics are clear and easy to understand, and the difficulty ramps up right as you start to feel like you've got the hang of it. Be warned, if you fail in front of a friend they're almost guaranteed to make a joke about you were 'Almost There.'
Easy to pick up and play, challenging platformer. It's exactly what you expect and does it well.
Do you like super challenging platformers?? Then this game is totally for you. First two levels? Piece of cake. Level 3??? Straight down hill from there. Glorious. Absolutely glorious.
This game is one of the best hardcore platformers out there. It has very tight controls, the levels are very challenging and require you to be very precise to accomplish.  Not many platformers had the kind of skillful edge that Almost there brings since Super Meat Boy. This game is hard, so hard that in some levels, I had to give over 200 trials to get three stars. I kept dying and dying and dying. I loved that it auto respawns when you die, doesn't give you enough time to feel the frustration. It's pixel perfect execution and fast-paced movement really amps up the possibility of dying as you progress along a level. But when you make it to the end, it feels so satisfying.   155 levels divided into three worlds, each world comes with a couple of unique obstacles and challenges. And I love how the game teaches different mechanics and strategies without any tutorial or dialogs. Its all baked into the beautifully crafted levels and this makes the progression of the game seamless and very pleasing.   If you really want to get three stars in the levels, you have to finish the game within a set time. This is really hard. So hard that you might have to have backup controllers.   Hats off to the developer. Totally worth the money.
I first played Almost there on mobile and i really liked it. But this PC version is even better :) . If you are into platformer style games- this is a must play.
The Martian Job is exactly what I thought it would be. It can be a sort of "Ocean's Eleven on Mars" type of story, or it can be "expose corporate corruption sci-fi style" story depending on your choices. One reviewer complained that the story switches gears from one to the other in the middle. It really does not. If you want to keep the plots from mixing, you have to simply be consistent in choosing the options that stick to the path you choose to play through the story. It is true the "corporate corruption" story line is offered later in the story, but once you switch, consistently choose the new path from then on will give you a satisfying plot to follow. Add in the various romance options and you have good replayability for a cheap price. Since I have always liked the "professional gentleman thief" type characters, "The Martian Job" is a solid buy for a surprisingly compact story.
I won't say the game is spectacular, but it's alright and entertaining. The story and prose can be janky and awkward, but I like the games that are more chill about consequences of your actions
This was a decently well written story with interesting characters and plot development.   First off, my only complaint is that I often found the story seemed to be... insulting me? And I ran into a few errors in context that seemed like they were written entirely for women, but crossed into the male play through as well.  Overall, I did find the story quite enjoyable though. It actually allows you to get a decent and realistic sense of how relationships tend to workout. The realism is certainly worthwhile, and it never quite lets the author force a narrative on you.  I think in the end, I would give this title an 8/10.
Rae is best girl.
A sweet and emotionally complex novel/game hybrid. Looking forward to the author's next work.
I enjoy the romance of the game, and personalities that each character observes. I noticed certain stats change interactions with people, so look at for that. Sex scenes that aren't explicit, but any teen would know what's going on, so that's something to think about. Lastly, I do not have a word for how strange the protangist is, but they constantly have a over-thought process, which I guess is the author's front to testing the player's attitude toward an event happening. I also wish there were some kind of finacial implementation to the whole story, such as counted money I could use to buy cool things, because as it stands my character is rich AF, yet still walks around, and takes community transportation, strange. Overall, I really enjoy devling into these characters; absolutely loved Cliff when I first met his spunky attitude, and Rae certainly got me steamrolled.
So, yes, this is a romance game. If thats not your thing you may not like that, but if you do, it is very engaging and written with grace. Lots of options for replayability and overall a very fun game.
The writing is like a hippie with a marijuana laced soy latte, but I still liked it. Come into this armed with your inner hipster as you navigate the beautiful fantasy land of Boulder, Colorado. Unlike other games from Choice Of, this game is riddled with a huge ass list of stats. I literally JUST finished my first playthrough after a fairly hefty 3 hours, so it will take me a looooong time to see the effects that the stats have. Also, you can supposedly have an open relationship in this Love Simulator 2018, but I could not find it in my heart to to cheat on Rea. I wanted to be the Coochie Captain of Colorado, but Rea didn't deserve that.  10/10 Waifus  8/10 Writing   11/10 Feels
I should start by saying that I don't really recommend this... but I also don't, too much, want to discourage people that want to try it either.  As mentioned elsewhere, this has many of the same problems that other COG titles have, which shouldn't be too surprising. The story tries to make you balance business and romance, which is an interesting idea, but it prevents either side (or any of the characters) from having enough depth to be really captivating. I also thought pacing could be improved, though that's also a common problem with these games.  The topic of trains is unique, and one I liked quite a bit as it gave the author a good vehicle (hah!) to explore the important social and cultural topics of the time period. Bits of it can read like Ayn Rand fan fiction, but I think it's an honest attempt at a balanced (as mentioned in its own historical notes, possibly [i]too[/i] balanced) depiction of life and industry in the late nineteenth century.  Overall, I would suggest that anyone new to Choice of Games check out some of their other titles first. Veterans may like this one, though considering its lack of polish and content compared to other titles it probably won't be anyone's favorite. At only 3 hours for the initial read, and I am a very slow reader,  I feel like the full price is a bit high; sale price seems appropriate though.
È carino.
Musynx is a VSRG, ported from a mobile rhythm game called Musync. The market for these games on the PC platform is quite sparse, and I respect the developer and the publisher for considering this platform and bringing it on Steam. A notable feature is the key notes, so how well a song plays is tied to how well you play the game yourself. Not bad!  It's a pretty simple rhythm game. Two difficulty options, two chart types for 4 keys and 6 keys. Most mobile rhythm games have at least three options, four if they're generous. Not a problem by itself, and you have a lot of hard songs to choose from, but this means that very easy charts that are on Hard will not be relevant to you when you get to higher playing levels.  The gap between "Exact" and "Great" hits is super lenient, and it's harder to be off-rhythm than actually being on rhythm.  What you have is a pretty casual experience.  But I like it, simply because it's an actual, official rhythm game release. Songs and charts released for it have went through quality assurance by people trained to actually make charts for it, compared to the likes of Osu, Stepmania, or LR2, where picking a chart out of 12 charts for one song is a whole roulette whether if it will be actually decent to play, and if it will stay consistent in gameplay style compared to the hundreds of other charts you have installed.  It's also simple, requiring only keyboard keys to play (and nothing else), so you don't need to cash out for an expensive proprietary console to be any good at it, and you can be certain that high-ranking players in the rankings of this song plays the exact same way as you do. Osu rankings are too unreliable, since players with a tablet and pen will always beat out everyone. Don't need to worry about anything like that here.  I hope with the release of Musynx on Steam, more official rhythm games will release on Steam, and add more to the market.
Yep
[table] [tr] 	[td]⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eni9PPPPBpg ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀[/td] [/tr] [tr] 	[td]    [h1][i]⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Peace and Tranquility [/i][/h1] ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀──────────────────────⠀⠀⠀      [/td] [/tr] [/table]
Osu veterans will find this way too easy but MUSYNX is perfect for beginner like me. Also DLC songs are not required at all, there are enough songs to practice on before moving to more harder game.
Gotta say, I was looking hard for something on Steam to scratch my DJMAX itch. Not at all disappointed, and I bought it at full price (along with the DLC). Definitely worth the initial asking price if you're interested in dabbling into the Rhythm Game genre, and with DLC it's slightly cheaper than the Switch release of the game, which to be perfectly honest I am contemplating picking up in the future to support the devs so we get more Rhythm games in the market.   Song selection is overall solid, difficulty variation between 4K/6K (4 Buttons/6 Buttons) are nice and balanced for newcomers and veterans alike, and controller support is there for those looking to play the game that way. I personally have been playing with the keyboard since it's a different experience from playing with the PS4 controller for DJMAX, but I will probably swap over to a proper DJMAX/Beatmania-style controller setup once I get one.   Do I recommend? Yes, most definitely. The initial asking price is really cheap, so you can test the waters out before determining if the rest of the content (provided via the Forever Friends DLC pack, which nets you all future song content as they come out via updates) is right for you. As an avid Rhythm game fan, I think it's a solid entry and I am pleased that I finally have something like it on Steam.
Good, like it.  (Less Chinese songs pls, not a fan of Chinese)
base game comes in at a good price. if you're migrating from the console version, be aware that a lot of the songs you might be used to playing are locked behind the Forever Friends DLC, which places the full price of this game much closer to those versions.   Kind of a weird monetization model. There's enough content in the base title to say it's not a demo, but if you don't hide the DLC content in the interface, you'll realize that half (or maybe more) of the songs are locked until you go all-in. still a great game. works well with a keyboard out of the box, can also be configured to match other titles like DJMAX: Respect, and all of the charts are possible to play on a controller too. If you're coming over from beatmania or DJMAX, you might find this game too easy, but for a beginner or someone that's just looking to have a bit more of a chill experience, this is a good starting point.
Add Kpop Song :3
Nice game! Please add more music xD
This game, by far, was the quickest to become my favorite game. Keep at it!!
Musynx is a rhythm game, that is a really good game but guys, dlc slapped in your face is not a nice start, we all want the complete game when we buy a game, so the optional dlc got to be less stressful gameplay wise, the templates for the levels works like a chapter thing, each chapter having a unique visual style, they all look very nice, a lot of blinking light effects, so if this is not your thing there is that, for the most part the musics are pop music, it seems there is some vocaloid musics too, if you don't hear vocaloid and utaus, its very good, its sinthetic voice, most of this musics are pop as well, there is a button to hide dlc songs, ui is amazing, no bs tutorials, is right on the ui, not very punishing, it have some hard levels, make sure you click on "hard" button before start for get the better experience, but sure if you never played a rhythm game before I would say start from easy mode, the worst thing about the game is that sometimes in some levels, in many levels, the speed goes crazy and you don't know what to do, but the game runs really nice on my potato, so probably if you have a video card you are good to go.  +amazing pop musics +some levels are hard +casual players will feel right at home -dlc right "in your face" sort of ea quality  10/10
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Dis is gud game! Only problem is companies greedy capitalism schemes! I dun wanna waste more money than already wasted. Me es gonna have to break open piggy bank *sheds tear*
A Very Nice Rhythm game UwU
The best way to describe MUSYNX is that it's 4K/6K """""""beatmania IIDX""""""" due to the keysounding, but a lot more beginner friendly.  MUSYNX is a good gateway drug to rhythm gaming, giving you a pretty generous timing and it's *heavily* accuracy based (the timing for the maximum theoretical score of 125% is +/-[b]1ms[/b]), so missing a note is not as big of a deal as other rhythm games with combo-based scoring. That said, being off with your note hits are going to have a noticeable effect to your music listening experience so getting the timing as close to perfect as possible is still your main objective. The game does have a Sound Enhancer feature, correcting the keysounds depending on the value you set it on to improve the music listening experience even if you suck.  A lot of the music are from Chinese and Japanese indie DJs so it is an acquired taste, but this is pretty much expected for a regular Asian rhythm game. That said, you can find some soundtracks for a few games like Opus, ICEY, and even Nekopara for some reason.   I highly recommend you try this game out, with the Friends Forever pack if you want to enter the world of rhythm gaming. This is a good introduction to standard 4K/6K gameplay of a lot of rhythm games (specifically mobile rhythm games) and keysounded gameplay. While the Smartphone versions of MUSYNC are available to download for free, a lot of the good songs are locked behind purchase except if you buy the Forever Friends pack, which costs 30 USD -- a big price gap compared to the Steam version. Besides, this is an objectively superior version due to the use of physical buttons rather than touchscreen with massive input delay, which is detrimental to the keysound-dependent gameplay.
Pretty neat little rhythm game. It's plays a lot like a DJMax title. 4-6 button modes, hit the bars to the beat of a song, pretty standard fair.  A lot of songs to chose from, some better than others. Most of them are in Mandarin Chinese, there are some songs in Korean and some in Japanese sprinkled in there as well. Almost makes you think they threw the songs together haphazardly, thinking no one could tell the difference.  I guess this was a mobile title first, which explains the difficulty setting. This game is really easy, you can just mash all the buttons to the sound of the beat and end up with a good passing score. I messed around with the judgement settings and it seems like it goes from "super easy and forgiving" to "if you even think about hitting the wrong button we'll send someone to your house to break your fingers one by one while making your dog watch". So find out what setting fits best for you.  Overall it's a fun little title to play casually, but it lacks the potential to be played competitively. Not bad for the price though.
i wish its much more harder, faster loading time and favorite category other than that, the games ok state
Good game, i'm sure some people will like it but to be honest compared to the phone app, touching feels a lot more fluid for me than trying to keep track buttons. just feels easier when the notes get more hectic. Also i found a problem with the controller where the back two triggers can't be used at the same time they cancel each other out. i won't knock it because i suck though, its still a great game, and ill still enjoy it on my phone instead.
game is okay need more songs but okay love it
Good game tho, but how to enable the songs name on the song selection screen
Wait a second, this ain't Guitar Hero III 
Great game! Sure, keeping combo and getting a high rank in songs is easy, but the real challenge is still in getting as high of a score/sync rate as possible. Got the DLC just to support the devs and spite the "just play osu xd" reviews, what a godawful fanbase.
Note: I own only the base game; the "DLC" is more like a pass to play a much bigger amount of songs.  MUSYNX is quite a simple rhythm game that hides well how insanely hard it can get on the higher levels. With 4 and 6-key modes, and easy/hard charts for all songs, there are good songs difficulty-wise from absolute beginners to veterans of the genre. There is little to say about the game other than it is fun and as challenging as you want it to be. The song selection is pretty good, you can preview the DLC songs before you commit to buying it so you know if you'll like the songs or not, and at the cheap price it is, I recommend buying it if you have even the smallest interest in music games as a whole.
This is the greatest rhythm game on PC I've ever played since DJMax Trilogy. Hats off!
Español: El juego cuenta con una variedad muy numerosa de canciones jugables. Espero que con el tiempo puedan añadir los temas de Android/iOS y sigan añadiendo niveles.  La jugabilidad es simple y excelente. 10/10 por ahora.  English: The game has a large variety of playable songs. I hope that Android/iOS themes get added to the game, as same as more levels.  Simple and excellent gameplay. 10/10 for now.  __________________________ - EDIT - ____________________________  (Only in English, sorry): I bought the game for 3.29€ Then, I bought "Forever Friends" for 20.99€  ...And now you're telling me that I have to pay 5.69€ more for a Skin? Not even a 30% discount for those who bought FF pack?  I feel like they're laughing at me! So bad... At this rate, this is going to be a game that you'll only enjoy with all the DLCs. Hope they add at least a 30% discount to all of those who bought "Forever Friends" pack.  [spoiler] (Or you can always dowload the full version of the game from internet FOR FREE). ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ [/spoiler]  If you want to enjoy a rhythm game for PC without any DLC where you get [b] ALL THE SONGS AND THEMES UNLOCKED JUST FOR 9.99€ [/b], go buy INVAXION.  (Also, if this becomes a massive DLC surge, I'll also change my Game Recomendation to 'No'. I'll not let that somebody laughs/steals me).   This fact decrease my score to 7.5/10.
Epic Game : p Bros!!!!
I have been playing various rhythm gaming titles for years, Beatmania IIDX (for 16 years) being my main squeeze. I have been specifically looking for a keysounded rhythm game and I have seen this game on PS4 wondering how it was. Luckily seeing that this has been released on Steam, I gladly decided to give MUSYNX a shot.  This game definitely doesn't disappoint. The base game being $3.99 is an [b]awesome[/b] price point for anyone looking to get a rhythm game that's easy to pick up, has a fantastic baseline song list, and includes charts that are thoughtful. If you find that you're liking the base game, the "Forever Friends" DLC ([b]that specifically states you will receive future update songs[/b]) is seriously worth it. At the moment where the game sits, I can 100% say this is one of the best rhythm titles I have ever played on Steam and you can see the amount of effort that is being put in to make this game fantastic.   Keeping the game simple with a 4K and 6K mode with only two difficulties (EZ and HD) makes this one of the easier rhythm gaming titles for beginners to pick up. Keysounds are [b]legit[/b], charting is undoubtedly [b]thoughtful[/b] (some songs have some gimmicks), and the overall experience is [b]remarkable[/b]. [i]Lets not forget about the artwork as well, props to all the artists involved with the developement by the way[/i]. The song list after purchasing "Forever Friends" unlocked great songs to play that are spread across various genres. Timing is quite easy and there is a "PGreat" system that adds to your overall "sync rate" in game that  is placed on a leaderboard for a slightly competitive feel. Just because the timing is a bit easier than most rhythm games, this does [b]not[/b] detract from the overall value and feel for MUSYNX.   I have been thoroughy enjoying MUSYNX and seeing that they already have visual plans that are outlined for future updates is making this rhythm gaming experience even better. I cannot wait to see what the future for this game holds.  [b]Highly recommended.[/b]
Good rhythm game, i had no problem with it. But i put on meh recommendation, which is wierd considering its just a casual game.  One thing for sure, you need DLC to fully experience a good song library. Without it, is just lacking most of it. Literally. And probably should add more difficulty, Easy / Hard and probably Extra might worth replayability.  
Great game for beginners. Needs harder songs though.
musynx caters to exprience players as well for casuals, if you haven´t listen to chinese before this game will introduce you many chinese songs from different genre. although this game can be very forgiven (e.g spamming the keys on difficult section to hit the notes) doesen´t really hinder the game experience. its overall a fun experience
Its a really good rhythm game; I find it very enjoyable. If your hesitant on buying the game due to lack of controller support, they have stated they would implement it later on. For the time being, i've been very comfortable using (from left to right)  [b]A [/b],  [b]F [/b], [b] J [/b], and [b];[/b] for the controls .For what you get pay only $4, its an amazing deal. The music is incredible. I recommend buying the extra music too.
Really good and underrated game. Amazing art, music, and UI.
yes
Probably the best rhythm game on steam right now. Whole lot of songs in the game, and the timing in the game is deceptively difficult. It's easy to get Exacts/perfects, but harder to maintain cyan exacts with more precise timing. So far, no one on the leaderboards has the theoretical 125% max rate for most of the songs, which is a good sign, difficulty-wise.  Also, there's a nekopara song in it.
osu!mania with 3D VFX  [i](and is much easier than mania - that's a disadvantage)[/i]
I think it's a good game. Controls are good, song selection is decent.A bit feature lite though. I wish there was an option to display more/different kind of info rather than just being combo. Would be cool to display the actual sync rate on screen or something to that effect. Overall a decent game, not too much to say about it.
Very solid rhythm game. If you enjoyed Beatmania, StepMania, and even osu!mania you will no doubt fall in love with MUSYNX too. The future updates for this game have me pretty hyped too! So go ahead, if you’re on the fence about buying this one... go for it :)
Pretty good. Good songs. Reminds me of osu! mania.
Definitely one of the best rhythm games you can find on Steam, fun/challenging maps that are well mapped with a good variety in genre and nice visuals. A pretty large song selection for how cheap the game is and the dlc adds a lot more! Recommend to anyone who enjoys or even wants to get into a rhythm game!
[b]Name[/b] - MUSYNX  [b]Gameplay - 9 out of 10[/b] The gameplay for MUSYNX is very crisp, though a bit too forgiving when it comes to note timing. I feel there are many times I should've missed a note, but somehow managed to keep the combo going. The visuals are for the most part pleasing, some I felt were a bit too flashy to the point it was distracting (albeit pretty) and I feel they should be a bit toned down at parts. Though overall, I very much enjoy the gameplay of MUSYNX, it's very close to Japanese arcade machine rhythm games such as Pop'n'Music and others.  [b]Songs -  10 out of 10[/b] The variety of songs is quite large for the games price! I definitely was a bit suprised at how much songs there was. They vary in difficulty and have a very good variety of calm, upbeat, fast, and unique songs alike. It features some familliar songs such as the NEKOPARA OP and others, and overall are a treat to play. The sound quality is very good too, no problems so far if ever. The song difficulty is very diverse too, albeit only having Easy/Hard, each song has it's own unique difficulty, and you also can adjust the speed to your liking aswell. (I usually play on 8.0 personally, but it helps to be able to adjust it to get used to other songs I'm not familliar with.)  [b]Content - 10 out of 10[/b] The overall content in MUSYNX is amazing for it's price, there are many different map skins unique to certain songs (my favourite skin is the traditional scrolls) and all are very diverse themes too, most match their songs but some felt a little awkward. Again as I mentioned earlier, it would be nice to be able to change them to my liking, though. There's a total of 49 songs (if I counted correctly) and it also features a 4 Key and 6 Key mode for every song. I do wish there was a way to unlock the other sets of songs without paying (be it currency instead by playing songs or something of the sort.) but I understand.  [b]Overall - 9 of 10[/b] Overall, I definitely suggest MUSYNX for any rhythm game player looking for some fun on PC. The price is spot on for what it's worth, given how many songs you get and how visually nice it is for sure. For the price you pay, you'll get many hours of of just playing each song once even, and even more just by enjoying yourself. I'd say the game is pretty good for what it is, and I would definitely recommend it. There is very little I'd change when it comes to this game, (the only thing being more customization) and it feels like one of the better rhythm games when it comes to Steam, I'm definitely hoping to keep track of it's progress and play it plenty.   [b]Rating Chart[/b] [1 - Terrible] [2 - Awful] [3 - Very Bad] [4 - Bad] [5 - Okay] [6 - Average] [7 - Good] [8 - Great] [9 - Amazing] [10 - Excellent]
There aren't many rhythm games available for PC, so this game is a great addition to the category. Be sure to buy it with the DLC.  Gameplay is fast and fluid, well balanced. As for the songs, most of them are in chinese language (which I don't understand). My favorite selection of music are the electronic ones (the ones with blue background when you play).  I think it's a good game and very fun with nice graphics, but there's still room for improvements like the loading times when returning to the menus, being able to sort the songs and mark as favorite. Also the score system is weird, it always gives you good scores even if you miss plenty of notes... but well, it's originally a mobile game, so it's expected to be very forgiving/rewarding.
I love this game. i wish you could choose the backround for the level, (one particular backround lags while the rest doesnt), but I wouldn't change anything else.
Honestly 10/10, 4k/6k mania with a Guitar Hero feel (can also change theme to look like mania). Very satisfying rhythm game which is great since there are not many around currently, was surprised to see the game is actually being updated frequently so props to the devs. If I had to change anything it'd be making the song selection screen easier to navigate, if you wanna play a specific song you have to spend time scrolling through everything to find it.  Also anyone complaining you can just button mash doesn't understand that the important metric is Sync Rate (timing accuracy) and not Comboing.
This sastify my DDR / ITG needs. Online leaderboard or even online mode against people would be nice, but for what it is right now on steam is a o3ob for me. I haven't own the dlc just yet but might consider it.
It's a nice and simple rhythm game, but it suffer from quite some problem.  You can mash keys only to pass those high levels songs with a great score, and the song selection (without the DLC) is small, and it kinda... sucks.  I really want to like it, but I doubt I'll play it much.
Amazing game. Very simple rhythm but with amazing visuals and nice songs. If you ever played games like Stepmania, this game will sure grant you some fun times!
Love the game, a suggestion to the developer to have it to where we can download and make custom songs from workshop or in game feature <3
Pretty fun rhythm game to just pick up and play at any time, would love to see more features in the future though.
This game is sicc
[b]First of all, I've been playing the mobile version of the game (MUSYINC on the GplayS) and I've all dlcs, since it came out. Played a lot of rhythm games on my life, and this... this is a MASTERPIECE! Even with the "cons" I'll mention below.[/b]  [b]Pros:[/b] *High quality sound, and graphics; Can't miss that :) *I love how the 4k and 6k note difficulties are sepparated, since there was only 6k in MUSYINC; it may be really hard to play 6k (6 notes) using the keyboard as default without any configuration. *Regarding the Steam version, the DLC is worth it as on the mobile one; you'll get a lot of plus content in one shot. -I mean, the DLC contains almost the whole game, you pay us$3.99 kinda for a trial. ;) *Awesome OSTs, from the very old ones to the new ones. *Immersive note playing gameplay.  [b]Cons:[/b] *No controller support, and I mean it is ugly as trash! -I do recommend using this freeware: [url=https://joytokey.net/en/]JoyToKey[/url] You can assign keys from your keyboard to any gamepad button, or even axis. *I expected the camera to move as in the techno stlye in MUSYNC, that was cool thought. *Also I was expecting them to put some effort, and add some "unlockable mechanics", so you start from easy going to hard, and fast. Unlocking every song, but no; it's all unlocked at the beginning. :/  By the way, you can play Taiyou Paradise from ネコぱら(Nekopara)!!! WORTH IT!
Lit fam, hopefully a lower price in the xtra content
Nice gameplay! If you like guitar hero or osu mania, then you're gonna like this one as well. I love the animations and all the details I saw in this game, it's true, most of the songs are in Chinese, but who gives a fuck about it?! :D If you have never played this kind of game, I suggest you to try it out.
There are a lot of songs in the base game, I especially like "That Little Starry Sky" by Sakayaki Aya.  Worth getting considering it's low price. I didn't buy the DLC tho since most songs in the DLC are sang by the Chinese Vocaloid and I really don't like it.
THIS is  such a beautiful game with great music. You can get the free version on Google apps store and pay for the songs if you like the game.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ncr1aC98Gg (九九八十一）9981  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlQr9dasEmU 權御天下 Sun Quan The Emperor  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-Qe0v8FjTE  萬神紀Deities of Cathaysia  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRIhuu6d5Kg 中華鑠金娘 China Shuojin Girl  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neL0v6AEXeE 逆浪千秋 ni lang qian qiu  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcuMOeCYXyE 海棠仙  those from above are just my favourite of all time  Game SAMPLE here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHiIqKtV5dk    
Pause is not cheating. Well I think this game need a replay. It's also nice if this game have achievements or trading cards (badge).
[h1] Short Review [/h1]  MUSYNX is a must if you like playing rhythm games. Is like DJ MAX only that it is on Steam. For the price is more than worth it as the game includes around 45 songs (give or take) and offers you up to an additional 65 (give or take) if you buy the Forever Friends DLC which is actually pretty good since it includes a lot of songs at an affordable price. You have 2 modes which are 4K and 6K, 4K is 4Keys meaning that the song will have up to 4 slots for notes and 6K is the same only that it adds 2 additional slots, as such 4K is easier than 6K since you have fewer buttons/keys to press.  Songs come in Normal and Hard difficulty from the get-go and all songs have their own difficulty sort to speak. For example, a song might be easy on normal, but then another song might be much harder on that same difficulty. They also play with effects such as making the song slow down out of nowhere or changing how the score looks.  The selection of songs is pretty good. You have songs from the popular artist as well as others who are new to making them and you even get some Vocaloid songs too. So you can feel at ease that the music will be good. The game itself doesn't feel as polished as it's peers but it makes up for it in content.  If you like rhythm games and want to buy something that has a lot of content at a cheap price, then you must get this. That is one hell of a price for all the content they offer.
[h1]Positive[/h1] ♠ 11/10 song wallpapers ♠ Fluid, good button inputs with customizable mechanics ♠ 40+ songs, excluding DLC, multiple vibes and genres ♠ Will get You [b] IN THE ZONE [/b]  [h1] Neutral [/h1] ♦ Would be nice to have the ability to disable showing COMBO count and/or note-hit feedback for casual-play immersiveness ♦ Gap from Easy to Hard feels big at the beginning; eventually muscle memory kicks in and it's more acceptable, but a Medium difficulty would make progress faster ♦ I'm still not sure what Location and Judgement actually do
 I've played the game on mobile since its early stages, and overall the game is great - pretty good visuals, wide selection of music (and more to come!) and real key sounds (on most of the tracks). However, the PC port could use some improvements:  - Note judgement is too forgiving for keyboard controls, you can easily clear a track by just spamming the keys. There should at least be an toggle to make note judgement more strict. - The Music Selection UI is currently the same as on mobile. It could be more dense as there is way more screen space on PC (Like DJMax Respect's UI). - A Favourites sorting option could help as more and more tracks are added (Issue on all platforms). - Bring Inferno mode and more classic theme options to PC :D
need some touhou music please
Looking forward to more Japanese Vocaloid
I play a lot of rhythm game and have heard of MUSYNX before it came to PC, but never got to try it. Now that it's on PC, I'm able to try the game, and I did NOT regret it!   ALL THE SONGS ARE AMAZING! (even though I only played a few), just by listening from the preview, I'm like "wow all these songs are amazing". I also like how there's different graphics in groups of songs. It may be one of the best looking rhythm games I've ever seen actually.  Although it is easy to get EX/S on the songs, it's not necessary to make song charts "hard" for it to be fun.
Well, how do we start?      First of all, I do enjoy the game quite a bit, just to make it clear.      The game is originally a mobile game and came to PC due to its popularity (in Asia). It dosen't add much compared to its mobile game counterpart......if they changed anything at all except for the control scheme. However, I HATE touch screen control, so PC port is a blessing to me.      As for the game to its genre, it's a very traditional 4 key, 6 key rhythm game, which is surprisingly very rare on steam (by the way, most of the rhythm game in Asia now take forms in Mobile games and ocasionally Arcade games). Most of the "rhythm game" on steam usaully have a playstyle mixed up with other game genre, like action game. While it's not a bad thing, for people who want a "pure" rhythm game, it's really not much to pick from (if steam is your only platform), and I guess this is one of the choice, not a bad one at least.      Finally the music, I not a music professional, so I will just ask you one thing - Do you like Chinese Vocal Synthesizer? like.....Vocaloid, UTAU kind of thing but in Chinese. There are A LOT OF Chinese Vocal Synthesizer songs in it. I don't mind personally, yet I don't favor them that much, either. It depends on your preference.      Anyway, that wraps up my thought about the game.
A super colourful and enjoyable rhythm game. Definitely recommend buying the DLC if you like this game, because it's well worth it and the majority of the really good songs can be found there. I only have two real problems: I play on a TV, so it's a little out of sync and lacks any calibration settings, so I'd like to see that added in the future. The other problem is the 8-bit style theme is pretty much impossible to play any of the more difficult songs on due to its weird scrolling speed, which is a shame because it's such a cool looking theme.
yes
it's a good rythem game, but it needs more features and updates to compete with OSU that's free and has lots of songs. 1.Search 2.A good feature to file songs or tracks 3.Add more difficulty this might be frustating for some casual player like me but atleast more hardcore players XD 4.More song or tracks from known games and some composer  i hope they add song or tracks from sakuzyo and sennzai
Been playing the game for a bit and got to say, it is a really good rhythm game, coming from osu!, Stepmania, K-Shoot Mania and other rhythm games like Pump It Up as well. The special effects in my opinion are absolutely amazing, and the songs are really good as well. Just hoping the devs would decrease the price of Friends Forever pack because it is a bit expensive for me.  Overall, great rhythm game and would love to see more future content!
pretty niche music to select from when you start playing. but then you get into it once you find that one or two songs you like. oh and with very nice difficulty custiomazation.   you give it a try after using the ez controls and go into hard mode after trying some easy levels.(4k controls that inculde using D,F and J,K) Then you go into extreme difficulty when you decide to use 6k controls which inculde S,D,F and J,K,L if that isn't enough. But then you can go even FURTHER BEYOND by cranking the stage speed up to 9.0.(The defualt is 4.0 and you can feel the difference in power level when you change those difficulty settings) theres what sounds to be chinese vocals in quite a few of the songs but if someone who sits there and listens to anime openings, you might just find that one song that you really like even if it's really weird or sounds bad at first.
Fun game that is pretty generous with timing but still challenging to play through.
First great rhythm game I found in steam. Definitely recommend buying it.  If you want mroe songs, then buy dlc - the tracks are great, that's no doubt.  But if you don't like edm or jap. songs - just skip the game. In the end - graphics look extremely good (also, there is simple interface mode), works good on laptops, gameplay feels great too! Rhythm conclusion: 9/10
Would actually be nice if they added more popular song (vocaloid, camellia, soundvoltex, XI, and those things) and reduce the DLC cost cuz it's gonna burn ur wallet for some random songs. Gameplay itself is decent although you can just play osu and download the skins, but overall i'll give this game a 8/10 for now
this is a good game, but in my opinion it's not much different from [spoiler]osu![/spoiler] I actually like this game, but because there are games that are very similar and free , so I refund ... sorry ...  really i still recommend this game, it's good game i am swear!
8.5/10
I really enjoyed playing this. There's not a large market of rhythm games on Steam and despite some minor issues I have, I feel this is worth the price.   While the DLC is a bit more pricier it does unlock a large number of songs if ya do decide ya enjoy playing the game. Otherwise, I feel $3.59 is more than fair for what I got.
MUSYNX is a solid, straightforward rhythm game that's low-frills but loaded with content.  For the base price, you get 48 songs, while the Forever Friends DLC nets you all current and future DLC songs (85 as of writing this review). Though you're not likely to recognize many, if any, of the songs, they're I've mostly been enjoying them (there's a lot of synthesized vocals, if you're into that). Each song has two difficulties and charts for 4 and 6-key versions.  The PC specific options are pretty limited, with just two graphics options for high-or-low spec. However, the general options are solid. You can alter the timing of the visuals and the judgement to account for input lag, change the speed of incoming notes, adjust whether or not missed notes are played, and switch between a 3D display where notes travel in towards you and a 2D display where they travel vertically down the screen.  Keybinds can be remapped if the default DF JK (and SDF JKL) bindings aren't to your liking. However, the game didn't recognize my controller, so you may need to take some extra steps if you don't want to play on a keyboard.  MUSYNX is extremely approachable for beginners, with no game-over states and no punishment for hitting the wrong notes (just for missing the right ones). This is further emphasized by a scoring system that makes getting good ranks extremely easy, but expert players can still find plenty of replay value thanks to the Sync Rate, which will continue to increase until you hit every single note in a song with <1ms deviation (for a perfect 125% sync rate). I'm mostly fond of this approach, since it's great for beginners but makes it possible for skilled players to continually chase higher and higher scores. That said, there is no visual to help you distinguish anything more exact than a 45ms deviation, which might make chasing high sync rates frustrating for some.  The one area where the game is noticeably lacking is in its interface. Songs come in a fixed order, categorized by genre. You can navigate left and right and skip forward or backwards to the next genre, but apart from that, there is nothing to help you rapidly get to the song you're looking for. There are no options to reorganize the songs, mark favorites, or really anything. It's the most noticeably barebones part of the game, and is my one real disappointment with this package.  Despite the cumbersome UI, MUSYNX's wealth of songs and solid core mechanics make for a fun, if simple, rhythm game. If you're on-board with robots singing, it's a steal at its price point.
I would 100% recommend Musynx for beginners or anyone who is interested in giving rhythm games a try. It's pretty looking, appealing and fun with a good song selection even without the DLC. It's intuitive and easy to pick up and allows you to progress in difficulty naturally. Musynx is very well suited to a beginner audience.  That being said, there are a number of drawbacks for experienced rhythm game players. I'll go over some of the most important gameplay aspects.   -  Graphics / Theme At first glance the visuals of Musynx are very appealing. However, regardless of which theme you're using, there are significant readability concerns that come with nice graphics. In the wide-view or horizontal themes, the judgement text covers a lot of the screen. Because the judgement text is heavily animated it can be very distracting and impact both your reading and timing. In the classic theme, readability is better, but I found the background animations and lighting hurt my eyes after even a couple minutes of playing. More simple theme options would be fantastic, especially for players with epilepsy.    Judgement / Timing The judgement in this game is incredibly lenient, and this is immediately noticeable in gameplay. This makes it very approachable for beginners, but much less challenging for experienced players. There are also no features to discourage mashing. I would recommend the addition of stricter judgement settings and consideration of mash deterrent mechanics to widen audience appeal.    Song selection and variation I have no complaints in regard to the variation of music. DLC isn't required to have an enjoyable experience or improve your play to the higher difficulties in the game. If you're having fun, though, I would absolutely recommend the DLC as it adds a lot of variety and some differing mechanics (like SVs.)    Overall, if you want to add a great rhythm game to your library, this game is a good choice.
Hi I'm Osu Mania but with DLC
My only problem is that judge setting is too easy but i guess its set that way to appeal to the newer players. Good job.
not so hard rhythm game, easy judgement and it very welcome for a beginner     Note : This game need more Lunaticsounds
A casual music game for beginners.  The chart is not too hard and it is enjoyable for me, an (quite) experience music gamer. I instantly bought the "Forever Friends"  Though, the judgement is really NOT strict as I can easily get a perfect play in the hard chart as compare to Stepmania with normal judgement (and this might disturb some hardcore music gamer). But this is a good side of the game since I am always bad at timing. Full combo or perfect play is out of question for me in the other stricter music game. 
Arguably the best VSRG on Steam right now if you don't mind Chinese Vocaloid songs.  Lacks native controller support but in the meantime you can use Big Picture mode or JoyToKey as a workaround.
if they add a leaderboard id honestly be tempted to play this more than mania
Initial impressions from a moderately experience rhythm boy.  [b] The Good [/b] Song selection seems decent, even without the DLC. Keysounds! Pleasant keysounds! Easily remappable keys. You can adjust your hit position as well as judgement, though it might not even be necessary (see The Bad.)  [b] The Bad (?) [/b] Timing is very lenient, it's not hard to get exact timing (or pgreats or whatever you wanna call them), I found it even looser than something like osu mania. This could be nice for people new to VSRGs, but if you like a bit of challenge with your timing it could be a little annoying.   There's lots of distracting graphics on the side of the playfield that don't really seem to serve any purpose aside from being just that, distracting.  As for as I can tell, the highest availble difficulty at the moment is Lv 10, which isn't all that hard, I'd say it's comparable to around 3.5*~ osu mania maps or about 12~ StepMania charts.  There's no leaderboards or rankings,   That said, for the cheap price, it's a plenty playable game and probably more enjoyable than osu mania because keysounds and charts that actually rhythmically make sense. Might update this after I play some more, and if I buy the Forever Friends DLC.
I follwed this game since first version has been released on IOS device. This Game is made me Happy everytime i played. I Hope you will add more interesting function maybe Versus Online mode or Ranking. Fine Don't Forget to follow my channel !  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCObQHMmfkJbJaqcSuH-dXFA?view_as=subscriber I'll video about MUSYNX !
Great game
I played this game a shit ton on the tablet. Glad to see it's reached pc! Very solid rhythm game that has been supported for years by the developer, so you can expect alot of support to be given to the game for a while. Highly recommended.
Pretty fun! I hope this gets people into rhythm games. It has music by people I recognize in other games and new stuff I don't know. It's unique that they went with keysounds when most don't, as it takes more work to make a game with keysounds than not.
I saw a comment basically downplaying the game and saying the game wasn't difficult- I didn't read too much into it, I just wanted to say that it is infact challenging and fun, it's DLC is.....admittedly pricey. But that is ALL future songs for free along with all locked songs. As far as gameplay goes? I can't say it enough but it's fun and catchy, so why not pick it up and see if you can beat anything past lvl 1   Cause I sure can't
Easy Judgement Play....It's Exactly what i like.....and i followed this game since mobile ver. And now it's on steam.....I really like it owo)b 8.5/10
I can't tell if this game is hard or if my brain and my fingers just aren't communicating as well as I thought they were. I know which buttons to press but I end up pressing the wrong one anyway. This is probably the reason I'm so bad at computer games.    The tunes are boppin, the art is rad, and I will use this game to try and syncronize my appendages.
Ok here's a review from point of view of a pleb rhythm gamer(me).  MUSYNX is one of those rhythm game that if people take a quick look at it, they most likely would be like "HeY iTs JuSt LiKe OsU!". If you don't know what osu! is, look it up on google(and no, it's not the university one!)  Q1 : Is it good, or Is it bad? I'd say it's pretty good. The songs are pretty good,too.  Q2 : Who do you think this game is made for? I feel like this game is made for people who are new to rhythm game genre. The game is easy enough for newbies , but quite challenging on higher levels .  Q3 : What do you think about the pricing? To be blunt, It's cheap! seriously, I bought the game when it's still new so I got the discount. But $4 - $5 for the main game and you got 48 songs ready to play?It's cheapppp  (also the DLC is quite cheap since you got extra 85 songs for its price)  Q4 : What's the "bad" of this game? The game is easy, so easy that I tend to skip the EZ level and go for the HD level instead. Also you literally can just spam the whole key and still able to get A from it. no healthbar means you can pass the song by doing nothing. I think for 4Key , make it 3 key input max and for 6Key, make it 4/5 key input max to prevent keyspamming and make the game a bit harder.  The Loading! When I finish the song, The game took exactly 25 seconds to bring me back to the song selection(Yea i use stopwatch to record the time), which is a long time for me.  Song Selection could be better. I think they should put some kind of "categories" and "sorting" so players can pick the song easier  Q6 : Do you recommend this game? Yes. even with all the bad stuff i said above, yes i'd still recommend it.  Q5 : Anything you'd like to say to the dev? Make the loading time shorter please, Do something about the Song Selection menu  Please add leaderboard, and add the "friend-only" leaderboard too Maybe add healthbar(?), also add infos like Full Combo, or All Exact on the thumbnail of the song please  Bonus Question WHY NOT OSU! ????? Because I want to support not only the dev, but also the artist who made the songs.  Rating itsprettygoodbutstillneedsomeworktobedone/10
This is a fun little game, that I feel is worth it's low price if you enjoy rhythm games of the sort like dj max.   It's not perfect as It has a few flaws. My biggest gripe is that the ranking seems much too lenient. This of course may be by design and might be nice for beginers, but i feel when you go into the harder songs it becomes hard to gauge if you are simply doing well, or if you are just slaming buttons. The good news is that you can simply go by score and they have something along the lines of a sync rate which seems to be a good way of gauging your proformance.   The other issue isn't, by and large, a big deal. But I feel i should at least point it out for potential buyer. Some of the designs of the stages are incredibly distracting. Specifically the two retro sounding levels. These stages are super cute, adorable, flashy, with beautiful presentation, but it made it much harder for me to focus. The good news which again off kilters this issue is that you can change the theme of the stage before starting the song, so really this issue is moot, but might be somthing worth mentioning.   These are the only issues with this game, as they honestly resolve themselves decently enough. The upside to this game is that this is an encrebily snappy, fun, and cheap rhythm game. If your prone to this kind of thing, then you will likely like it. The dlc may be a bit pricy, but what you get for $4 is more then enough to enjoy alone.
i know for the brand design tapsonic its quite better. but the song list, gameplay, the sound effect  when we press the notes. this game mucch much better~ , worth it to buy game + dlc   if you could make the design more a bit simple. multiplayer, or maybe the 21:9 resolution. i love you so much
I've been ADDICTED to this game on my phone and to my surprise, caught this game finally being on PC. This game absolutely suckered me in with the great song choice, pleasant visual style and decent controls.  Imho, the DLC is a bit expensive, but that is, as a matter of fact, the only downside. Great little game, great execution, and much short term fun!  
Overall decent game. Hope they improve the user interface when searching for songs, and I hope they can allow us to choose our own visuals for each song.
This game was cute and fun,  no tutorials but easy to understand. If you are an osu!mania player, this would be easy.  For Devs: Please add more songs soon
I love this game ^-^
A very fun and well put together rhythm game for the price -Mostly Chinese tracks, fantastic mix -Has the nekopara song if that's your cup of tea -6 key mode is definitly the most fun way to play the game  I've never played the mobile version but this is definitly a good rhythm game added to my library of meh rhythm games on steam
10/10 very fun rhythm game  coming from a player that plays osu! on daily basis (didnt really play mania much tho), the gameplay for this game is stunningly beautiful. the classic theme is uhh, pretty normal i guess but the default themes for each song is just awesome. too bad i cant immerse fully on one of the themes due to fps drop (the Nekopara OP one to be exact)  keep up the good work and I'm hoping for more music content in the future :D
I love this game on the nintendo switch~ A lot of the songgs I enjoy (even if I don't understand them)  You know what would make it better? Custom/Community mapped songs ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 7 keys cause my spacebar is getting lonely XD 
Well. Thanks for the rhythm game on steam. Imo Pros: - some popular songs from another games like EZ2DJ - smooth gameplay without any lags Cons:  - not many songs - only two keymodes - only two diffs - no "numpad" support. I prefer to play using "A S Num5 Num9" buttons - very easy judgement I'll wait for future updates. Hope they would be. P.S. also wow accelerations and slowjams
I am one of people that looking so hard on steam for a simple bar tapping music games.  As much as I like Audiosurf , Crypt of the NecroDancer , Osu and many other alternatives. They are not play or feel like good old arcade stuff like Beatmania or DJ Max. I also hate tapping game on mobile that feel terrible to tap small screen with no feedback like keyboard or buttons.  This game is pretty much a great filling into this market void. It is simple, Yes. The music collection can be a bit niche , yes. But it also very simple you can boot it up and play anytime you like (also a great laptop game too). Default setting is a bit forgiving but you can adjust setting to suit your liking. The feeling of just you , the game and nothing more. Pure enjoyment of redundancy task yet addictive.  The main game's music collection is more than enough for it's price. DLC musics are a bit overpriced for me.
It's mania but better aesthetics.
This is pretty fantastic for those who loved DJMAX.  You can swap between the angled phone-friendly display or the top-to-bottom style.  The music genres are surprisingly diverse and wonderful.  Beware the squirrel party.
Alright, i was looking for a game like o2jam for a very long *** time, this right here has fed my insatiable hunger.
Just purchased the game and am absolutey enthralled with the music, themes, and difficulty settings. Expect to see my hours go up on this review.  Basically, the music selection is really well done, ranging from soothing ambient music, classical, pop, and working itself up to hard-rock and some heavy dubstep.  You can choose the various themes designed for the song or you can select an easier to digest standard theme that doens't have all the flashing and the like. (It's also really good for practicing).  Furthermore, you can change the tempo of the song and if you look at the screen shots you'll see 4k mode.  That's not the resolution but in fact a setting for your keyboard.  4K is four fingers, two to each side.  6K is six fingers and is signicantly more difficult.  Either way I digress.  The game is absolutely fun and the DLC and is excellent as well.  Hope this helps!
as a big fan of DJMAX since the good ol days of PSP this game just brought me even more nostalgia and feeling the game up! enjoyed so far the high difficulty songs <3   Pretty UI, fun songs and gameplay is smooth. 10/10
Let me start first by saying that this is a big improvement from the PS4 and VITA version. And now to state some things that new players don't understand:  - The max Rate is 125%. It's a bit cryptic, but there is a hidden 1 ms timing window that gives you more score than a normal Cyan Exact. In reality, the notes go 1 ms>Cyan Exact>Exact>Great>Good>Miss, so "it's easy to FC" shouldn't be an excuse for it being easy. It's a score oriented game, not a game where you get experience points for just clearing a song. I think an easy solution though would be to at least add the 1 ms score to the final result, since when I first started this I was unaware of how it worked until a friend sent me the chart on the company's Twitter.  - "Osumania ripoff hurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!11!1" Osumania is a ripoff. With this game at least you get something that can be played (usually. Will get to that when I start the pros and cons).   Pros: - Not a bad deal to try the game out, and if you like it then you can easily buy the Forever Friends DLC. If you don't like it, it's $4 bucks. What could you buy with $4 bucks that gives you more value for your bang? A Big Mac? - UI is cleaned up a lot and there is no clipping out of the window. - Classic Mode is a great game changer if you get motion sickness from any hallway VSRGs.  - Lots of good songs still (Paul Bazooka, M2U, Memme, and BRAIN POWER), even if some are kinda bland or just upright bad.   Cons: - Not a good choice of song selection for the $4 version. A good solution would be to have a weekly free song that players could play, or five free plays for any of the DLC songs since they're already downloaded. The DLC is just a license.  - Some themes are still a bit meh or so bad that you want to hurl. This isn't too big of a problem if you play Classic, but that's sadly because Classic has just one theme right now. I'm expecting that there is more planned to be made later on, so that isn't a big problem to me right now. - TOO MANY EASY CHARTS OR CHARTS THAT ARE NOT DESIGNED TO PLAY WELL WITH KEYBOARD. Keyboard VSRGs have a lot of opportunity to be charted in many different ways, but when the charts that are put into the game are just the same ones from the PS4/VITA, there is not a lot of difficulty or creativity. There's hand alternations and chords that are stuck as 12, 23, 45, and 56, when there can be 13 and 46 chords done on keyboard, and even more keys at once since ghosting is not a problem usually until a seventh key is gonna be pressed on a keyboard with ghosting problems. 8bit Adventure is a really good example of how songs should be for the keyboard, or maybe even a harder difficulty could be added?   Overall I'd say the game is a solid 4 out of 5. Though it looks like the pros and cons are equal, the pros are pretty much enough to outweigh the cons, and some of the cons are really just for the skilled players. To a new player I would easily recommend this, but to a skilled player I'd tell them first what to expect.  The lack of a leaderboard is not a problem and I have never had a problem with it because 1) It drives for you to improve as a player and not to improve just to be better than everyone else, and 2) There's like fifty discords you can go and share scores in if you do wanna dickwag, lmao.
Just to mention, I don't have much time in the game but I have hundreds of hours in VSRGs, and after playing the game at the hardest difficulty for this time I think I have some sort of opinion.  Simply enough, the game as it stands seems like it's quite easy to seasoned VSRG players (Vertical Scrolling Rhythm Games). If you're looking for a challenging game, this is not it. However, that is not to say this game is bad. Let's dive into what makes it a good game and who should end up playing this.  If you're someone new to rhythm games, or you're a casual rhythm gamer then this game is perfect for you. The song difficulties go up to a maximum of 10, and at the maximum difficulty the most complex patterns are single streams and a couple of jumps thrown in there (jumps are just two notes played at the same time). Someone who's new, or a casual, would find this game enjoyable because of its simplicity and great art style which brings me to another point: The game looks gorgeous. It's not built for playability (as in, competitive), it's built for style which gets an A+ from me. If you fall under these categories, pick the game up.  That brings me to my other point, the people who SHOULDN'T really expect much from this game are those who are already seasoned and active VSRG player (those who are coming from years of Stepmania, Etterna, osu!mania, or IIDX). I fall under this category, however I do enjoy just playing chill charts from time to time which allows me to enjoy this game. However, there isn't much here for us. This game being built for mobile and arguably also built for console (switch) ... playing on PC is almost like CHEATING. I recommend this game create some PC focused charts for the PC game in the future, and perhaps label them so they're easy to get to.   I enjoy the game, but there are a lot of people who potentially will not.  ALSO: Just wait for Quaver lol
Solid rhythm game
I've actually changed this review from Not Reccomended to Reccomended. My original review is below, and it turns out, the difficulty IS in the game, it's just sneaky, and hiding beneath the surface, making it incredibly easy to overlook if not pointed out. After having the sync.rate explained to me, I see that the timing for a perfect score of 125% actually may be more strict than something like DJMAX.  Please look at the image that Zodiac Interactive have uploaded to the News section that explains Sync.Rate. (Exact is actually split into two different categories that are hard to visually notice at first)  While I don't agree with the devs philosophy of making the game THIS accomodating to newcomers, and impossible to fail a song, the depth to satisfy hardcore players is in fact here, just not at first glance. I can now safely reccomend this game.  Also a shoutout to the devs for handling all of mine and others complaints with calm and informative explanations.    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Old Review  This game has tons of potential, beautiful in-game UI and tons of songs for cheap, but none of that matters because of one singular flaw. The timing of the notes is ridiculously too lenient. This is the sort of timing I put on for my five year old daughter so she feels like she's doing well. It is nearly impossible to get anything lower than an "EXACT" rating on a note. This completely defeats the purpose of this even being a game.  If this were the only platform this game were on I would have hope for the Devs being able to "fix" this fatal flaw, but as this game is on 4 different platforms, my hope is very low.  Even if it's cheap, I reccomend skipping this. Stick to DJMax for now.
Good game and its fun
Yeah, the timing is pretty lenient, but overall this version is far superior to the switch version. It has honestly a top notch soundtrack and the pricing model is very fair! At least give the game a try with the 3 bucks if you like rhythm games at all. Great for beginners as well!  Also I love the classic mode!
With the base game (for 3€/$) you get about 50 songs, the rest are locked behind the DLC, though I didn't count how many of those there were, seemed like quite a lot.  The timing is definitely very forgiving and there's only an Easy and Hard difficulty, the latter feeling like an avarage pad song on Stepmania difficulty wise. There's also 6key mode for Beatmania fans and veterans.  The game is still quite fun and the song selection is alright. If you like rhythm games I'd buy it at least for the 50 initial songs.
I really like this qt rhythm game. Saddly, I was waiting more than 48 base songs. But I wasn't dissapointed, I was actually enjoying my time! Right now I dont have money for the DLC, so it really gets kinda boring after some time. But really, give it a try. It's really amazing! But in my opinion, this game needs more base songs in future updates, not just for the DLC. Overall, this game is really amazing and has potential, but right now it feels like very limited. Maybe I'll give this another chance in the future ;)
Play Etterna.
TL;DR This is the best Rhythm Action game you can get [i]on Steam[/i]. If the music tickles your fancy, pick up the Forever Friends/'Season Pass' DLC.   Been playing this game since the mobile version originally released and from day 1 the UI and controls have been solid. Since then they've been focusing on adding more content and porting to other consoles - and with a rhythm game that's all you really need to do.  The addition of a 2D, vertical scrolling "CLASSIC" theme is going to placate a lot of people that hate the 'hallway' effect the default skins use, though you should try them all at least once since they look pretty cool.  Songs are roughly 50/50 between original picks/commissions from chinese artists and licenses from some of the usual indie producers in the rhythm games community. Expect lots of your 'harder' styles of electronic music here.  Really, the only thing left is some UI polish/redesign for some of the extra features they've been adding over the years. You can still find your way around the menus just fine, but you can tell what they were focusing on.
Legit good music game with good original music, not like osu stealing other artists' works Gameplay like DJMAX series 4k/6k Difficulty is a bit easy, nowhere near 冥 Another and MAX300 Loading time can be improved  9/10
Pretty relaxing rhythm game.  I can pertty much get a EX rank for every song first try so there isn't really a challange.  Lv 10 is about 3 star in osumania.  8/10
I love it
timing is too easy, I could mash through a song and still get a rank  scoreboard is needed or at least rivals  betterthanosu/10
so djmax but with chinese vocaloid
I have played Switch version for some time, but once I saw that PC version is out, I decided to give it a try, and it's still great, especially for this price.   Base game gives us access to enough songs to have some fun with, and for cheap too. If we like it enough, we can always buy DLC with even more songs!  Gameplay is simple and comfy. What you see at the Steam page is exactly what you get - rhythm game reminding of playing on the piano.  Music... well, it depends entirely on your taste, but it's enjoyable enough to give it a try.
Really enjoyed this game on Switch and enjoy it even more on PC (the classic theme definitely makes this the best version of the game). Hopefully they will add an online leaderboard. Regardless, this is easily one of the best rhythm games on steam right now.
[h1]If you're looking for good rhythm games on steam, your options are pretty limited and this is a great addition to the current library of them.[/h1]  This review is from the perspective of a Beatmania IIDX 10th Dan and experienced Pump It Up player (s24/d24), who also plays other rhythm games (SDVX/Taiko/Miku/Ouendan1&2/Rhythm Heaven/Groove Coaster, etc), so hopefully that will help somebody give it more perspective, if you don't know what any of the things I wrote above means then don't even worry, I'll explain more below.  If you're a beginner to rhythm games:  This game is actually pretty good, the timing is very lenient so if you aren't used to games that are very strict, this is a good place to start, the amount of songs you get for the base price is very good in my opinion (48 songs at the time of writing) and you can buy a lot more with a single DLC purchase that says it will include every song they will release in the future, which is pretty good too.  The game has a lot of eye candy so that's also good for newcomers and spectators.  If you're not used to asian music, this is also a good place to start, a lot of the songs and artists included here are very good. (AmamoriP, Lunatic Sounds, Memme, P4koo, Paul Bazooka, to name a few)  And it seems that some crossover songs from other games on steam are present, like Candleman: The Complete Journey, Gaokao.Love.100Days, ICEY and Nekopara for example.  The settings menu is a little on the simple side, you can tell this game was a mobile game at some point (Apparently its also on Vita, PS4, and Switch), but it's serviceable, you can adjust the timing, speed, turn keysounds on and off (with some settings in-between), and switch from a horizontal to a more vertical display and it's great that you're given the option for this.  The game has easy and hard modes and a "4 key" and "6 key" mode, where you use 4 and 6 keys to play the game respectively, with the 6 key variants being harder, so if you plan on playing every single song and difficulty that's at least 160~ different "charts" to play, once again, pretty good for the base value of the game (without DLC).  ---  If you're an experienced rhythm game player:  This is a very lenient game, not only in timing but also in difficulty and input recognition, you can actually more or less mash pretty hard in some songs and still have most of that count as a combo, so if you're looking for something that's at least a bit more strict and will be more difficult to master, you're probably better off buying Groove Coaster.  That said, the charts themselves aren't too bad, the hardest level in-game seems to be 10, even though the rankings don't seem to be too accurate (Some lvl 8 songs seem harder than the 10's and so on) but that's just a common rhythm game thing really.  In terms of difficulty I would say the "Hard" 4 key and 6 key charts are comparable to IIDX 9's and 10's but the reduced timing and accuracy requirements will probably make them feel much easier.  I still think it's a very decent game to exercise your chart reading though, although charts are fixed so you will inevitably memorize some parts of them eventually (compared to how random works in IIDX)  ---  Overall, if you're looking for good rhythm games on steam, your options are pretty limited and this is a great addition to the current library of them.  [url=https://youtu.be/0L4opZdHads]Click for a video of me sightreading the Nekopara song[/url]
add leaderboard
The best music game on PC since DJMAX Trilogy  This is how MUSYNX should be played. Playing with classic theme is ideal and I hope that they would port this feature to Nintendo Switch as well, since this game my go to game when using Switch.  One gripe that I have with almost every music game that's not DJMAX and Beatmania is that it has no keysound (the sound that will play when you pressed a note) but MUSYNX does have keysound! I really can't express how happy I am.  PROS: - Great soundtrack and the abundant of the songs But half of the list are Chinese songs. However, the songs are still great. And there are also songs from renown artists in Music Games genre (M2U, Paul Bazooka, and so on)  - Fun Patterns   - The controls are easy to learn.  If you are familiar with DJMAX Trilogy, this game is pretty much pick up and play. The default control for 4K (4 keys) are DFJK and SDFJKL for 6K.   - KEYSOUND!!!!  CONS - The Song Selection UI needs a facelift for PC.  It is quite difficult to find a song you want to play because you have to go through each one individually or remember the section they are in and skip to that section in order to find the song.  - Judging section are too wide. Judging section is the space where the game will consider that you pressed the note "EXACT" or "GREAT" and so on. As I said, it is quite wide with "EXACT" and "EXACT 100%" The latter will displayed when you played the note slightly off the perfect timing but it will only should in the bottom left as "100%" of the classic theme only "EXACT" will show as "EX". Since this game has keysound, this means that you might see that you get "EXACT" but the keysound timing is off which can get a bit annoying but it can helps you readjust your timing if you are careful enough. I would prefer "EXACT" and then "GREAT" with GREAT has a wider timing section and EXACT has a smaller one.  - You have to buy Forever Friends DLC to unlock most of the content The game has 100+ songs but about 45+ is unlocked if you only buy the base game. The base game is essentially a demo and Forever Friends DLC is the full game.  - Few technical problems The game didn't respond to my button press on the menu once and I have to restart. I also encountered frametime inconsistencies, frame rate drop and the game stuttered for 2 seconds in middle of the song. which is A SIN for Music Games. Luckily, this doesn't happen often and can be fix with restarting the song.  Nitpicking section - Themes  THANK GOD FOR CLASSIC THEME! The theme for each section is great aesthetically speaking and works well on touch screen but it doesn't work at all on PC since the lane is too short and the note is too big. 8-Bit theme for example, is unplayable for me due to the sprite scaling effect on the notes. Trust me and play with classic theme, you won't be able to go back and play with original themes ever again.  - Leaderboard  Would be cool to be able to compare the score with your friends.  - More Patterns This game only contains two difficulty, Easy and Hard. Which means that each song will have two patterns in total. Another additional one would really be appreciated.  Conclusion: This is a really great music games but by no means perfect. I would still go back and forth between MUSYNX and DJMAX Trilogy. Since they are great in their own ways. It is not a substitute for one another but a great complement. If you are a music games fan especially DJMAX, O2JAM and Beatmania. This game is a must buy. I would also recommend you to but Forever Friends DLC as well since you will get more songs.  TL;DR  Great music game with keysound. Playable with Original theme but the Classic theme is way better and is the way to play the game on PC. Abundant setlist with many good songs, almost half of them are Chinese. UI is clunky and annoying but passable. Recommended buying with Forever Friends DLC. Must buy for Music Game Fans.
what's the pont of this game when you can go play osu mania lol  
I saw this on steam with positive reviews and since I love rhythm games, I bought it, and was going to try one song before heading to bed. Ten or so songs later, I figured I should also write a quick review before I sleep.   Gameplay is fantastic, and instantly reminded me of a weeb version of guitar hero...except with a keyboard. Visuals are top notch as well as music, if you're into the music available. Different songs/sets change in visual theme, and hitting the keys triggers sounds corresponding to the song, which is a nice touch since you can fool around with that during breaks.    In terms of content, this is a steal. For the base price you get dozens of songs, and can even preview what's currently available in the $22 DLC to decide if you want it. The DLC unlocks dozens more songs currently, and the store page implies that more will come in the future, which you will also get with that DLC. Game runs smooth as butter on my system too, which is important with games like this, and Musynx delivers.    I'm tired so this review is done. Personally, this is the most reccommended rhythm game in years in my book. Two thumbs up from me so far! Great work devs! <3
A nicer looking alternative to DJ Max and Stepmania
The classic theme was indeed the best feature included in this version. Sadly, a lot of my favorite songs are locked. BUT the Forever Friends package is almost 50% cheaper than the Android version even without the launch discount. Maybe I'll buy it someday.
Add more songs please just like halcyon, imprinting, gravity(M2U), etc. Ah don't forget maybe you can add Extreme with 8k or 9k because I love challenge. I love this game by the way. Keep it up, Steam!!!  My Rating : 9/10.
That first song made me laugh so hard, making me unable to progress any further.. Gonna chill out before playing again..
I have put a lot of hours into the switch version and I was thinking of double dipping if the price wasn't crazy. Thankfully its really good value for money on steam so now I can run through alll the songs again on my keyboard. :) Good variety of songs and there arnt too many games like this on the PC, so highly recommended to try if you like your DJMax games.
8.5/10 To start things off, it's a remastered version of a mobile game released a few years ago. However, unlike those cheap cash grab ports, this one actually has improved in a lot of aspects. The visual elements look a lot clearer than the mobile version with at least FullHD resolution. The price is also considerably cheap, you have 48songs for the basic version and 133songs(plus all future updates for free) if you bought the DLC. You'll definitely understand this if you've played other similar games, like the now-dead O2JamU which one single song costs you around 2USD, and that game isn't nearly beautiful as this one. The song list is also well chosen and you are very likely to find one that suits you, especially if are into VOCALOID and Japanese doujin music.   The only bit they I don't really like is the game is not strict on your input timing like other more hardcore rhythm games, but this is fully understandable as an attempt to increase the player base.   Overall, I suggest you to give it a whirl, you can always ask for a refund if it's not the game for you : )
Probably one of the best rhythm games available, previously playable on smartphones and N.Switch, finally ported on PC. A playlist of quality, offering a minimum of challenge, while not being punitive.  It will be suitable for neophytes into rhythm games by its relative simplicity, or those who want to have the "perfect" on all songs. 48 songs with the standard edition (which is totally worth its small price), add to that 85 more with the DLC (and maybe more songs to come with it). I already have hundreds hours on the iOS / Switch version and I bought it again just to support, thanks PM Studios ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
hey dungeonation its me the hub kid or the hub of the inkling bc i changed my name recently anyway YOU DID AN AMAZING JOB ON THIS GAME I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO MOAR UPDATES bye
10 \ 10 can't wait for da BattleRoyale mode  Pure masterpiece <3
I love the game from what I've played and can't wait to see what else it has to show me! :3
Been playing it more 'n more, I'm having a lot of fun haha. The visuals are so cute and fun to look at, and the sound design is charming too!
I've been anticipitating the release of this game for at least two weeks and I will say that I am not dissapointed. Buddinpals is extremly cute as it is addicting. You will not be dissapointed in buying this game, nor the multiple attempts of playthroughs that will eventually drive you to madness.   P.S. Beware the smoothie song.
Ey it was good I'm happy my dude
This game is so awesome, Its funny, Cute, and scary at some times. Dungeonation did an amazing job on this.
gohans ssj2 transformation scene vs cell aligns perfect with the music
Music choice is solid but for some strange reason Bandai keeps on insisting on cutting these songs in half leading to scenarios like the same song looping at least 6 times during a really long match. The choices are great, although if there is ever another music pack I would like to have a little bit more Bruce Falconer.
just rename it to "Ultimate Battle Music DLC"
This pack is much better than music pack 1, i hope they will have sales on music pack 1
This is kind of a mixed bag for me.  On one hand, it's great to have classic songs in the game that are straight from the anime. The selection of music is also pretty great and when you're actually playing a match, the original songs really bring it all together and make it feel a lot more "Dragon Ball".  On the other hand, some of the songs either aren't their full version, or just cut out part of the way through altogether. The biggest offenders are Flow - Hero and Ultimate Battle. Those two tracks just stop part of the way through and fade out. They couldn't even be bothered to loop a section of it, it's frustrating. Ultimate Battle isn't even the version with vocals. Likewise, Limit Break X Survivor and Dragon Soul are simply the opening theme versions rather than the full proper tracks. That's better than nothing, but it still seems strange that they didn't add the full version of those songs.  This pack could've been really really good, but it's just kind of "Meh". $15 is asking a lot, but it you really like the official DB tracks like myself, I suppose it's somewhat worth it.
Unmei no Hi isn't the TFS abdridged version. #falseadvertising
im upgrading this review, for the simple reason the dev is willing to correct game when needed .. when i get around to it, i'll give another review .. right now it's positive ..
 This game is perfact zombie world . and It is lacking at present, but potential power game.  
I like this game quite alot. The fact that it is early access just means it will get better. Good job devs and please keep up the good work. Thanks.
Cool concept, I need an option to invert the mouse, can't play it correctly.  
Despite some localization issues, there is a pretty good game hanging out here. Needs quite a bit of polish. Zombies are not super interesting as a subject, but these are at least servicable and differentiated in the game. (Compared to lazier games) Survival elements exist and seem pretty okay. Not great, but not terrible.  https://youtu.be/mHvsW31UJxQ
detailed tutorial.. 10/10
Super chill game with awesome pixel art and nice music. You don't get a lot of explanation or any tips, which I actually enjoy, because you have to figure out the stragegy for yourself.  Controls are nice and simple, so it's very easy to get into. Overall, I really like this game and I can definetly recommend it! :D
Hmmm~Just a minimize "Kingdom", everything is very basic, like graphic, sound fx, background, AI, tasks etc, but I like game's music. At first impression, I see that map, I think "Wow~Against other kingdoms and conquest them? What a epic stuff." But in game...No like that, just complete task, and will conquest that place. Last, this game is easy to play, but no easy to win, strategy is very important in this game, and I finally passed the "Tutorial"...What the heck...5 dollars for minimize Dark Soul version Kingdom...But I recommand it, if you want to try. :)
[u][b]READ PRODUCT DESCRIPTION BEFORE PURCHASING.[/b][/u]  It literally says it there, "[b]This DLC is not compatible with an account created outside of Steam.[/b]"  This basically means that is doesn't work with WG accounts. Only Steam ones. Purchase works just fine. Basically like buying 1 Guinea and getting 9 free. Great deal imo.
Running theme for this game in all its aspect is the simplicity and minimalism to its design. The controls are simple, the music and sound are dialed back and the design is kept uninspiring with the odd splash of color from red alarms. This isn't a bad thing, it, in fact, gives its main quality, the story, to take center stage. I don't know if that was the developers' intention, but it works. My attention was more focused on the story than on anything else. Unfortunately, as much as I enjoyed finding all the breadcrumbs (oh wow... I just noticed this is Pacman meets Deadspace), the story was underwhelming. I had fun with this, not a lot of fun, but I had fun. It is definitely worth checking out, I just wouldn't go rushing to get it.  For the full review check out Page 9-10 on my magazine at this link: https://issuu.com/raginramen/docs/game_dojo_issue_2_march17th-31st/10
Compared to [i]Bai Qu[/i], the illustrations of background and character are improved, and the movement of storyboards gives players a better chance to experience the plots in this game. The storyline follows [i]Bai Qu[/i], so the original characters give me a warm feeling.
6/10
I totally enjoyed the game in all its simplicity. Its something quite unique choose your own adventure like with some quick time events. Everything has a reason exept the last fucking puzzle that my mind couldnt comprehend. But it was more than a fair game. Go on and try it.
If there would be a neutral option, this game would get it from me...  The art style is really nice, but the puzzles are way to easy and the game at all is way to short.
[h1]Video (gameplay + commentary):[/h1] https://youtu.be/UnBIJipff8A  [h1]Summary:[/h1] Recommended!  This game surprised us. First we thought it was WAY too difficult, but once the elements started to come together, we found it really rewarding. Interesting navigation, neat randomization, and puzzles that are far from hard but don't feel too tedious. We're looking at you, slide puzzle!  Would recommend as a PC or mobile game.
So many people are using words like "Lovecraft", "Cthulhu" and "Dagon" in their games in the hope of appealing to an already existing fan base. Fans of Lovecraft's writing may purchase this game for a rich narrative experience in the form of a comic with a few interesting narrative based puzzles or decisions. Watch, as your preconceived expectations are strangled to death in front of you by the hands of a smiling developer oblivious (or perhaps not) of their own wrong doing. I didn't know what to expect for a couple of bucks, but Dev's, don't think for a SECOND that two bullets will down Dagon or that having Cthulhu show up in your game makes it a "Lovecraftian experience". Like a scared anime girl with a short skirt and no knickers I expected to enter into a room filled with hundreds of pulsating flailing tendrils, which I did at first... I then later realised the tendrils were all blushing and turning away from me shyly. I got hot, angry, flustered and could have easily stormed out in hopes of finding larger and more virile monstrosities.  This game is minesweeper for Lovecraft fans featuring a few basic puzzles tacked on as well as a quick quiz which requires you to select the right door according to corresponding answers to cryptic questions.  That last puzzle made me wish I was closer to the other end of the Autisim spectrum. I had to do it four times as I failed the followed quiz afterward (don't play games which require quick thinking when you're sick) and the accompanying music is still rinigng through my head. This puzzle will probably take up a majority of your playtime. I have no idea if getting ALL of the trophies will actually unlock anything and to be honset I mostly don't give a flying fark. For completionists, I'd recommend DYING to every threat so you can unlock all of the 'endings' (blatant god damn lies fed to me by the developer like there were ACTUAL endings based on narrative decisions.)  Regardless of my $h!t flinging it was a nice casual and enjoyable game. Couple of hours down the gurgler.
Choose your own adventure style comic. HP Lovecraft inspired. Some of the deaths seem fairly arbitrary but are in line with other CYOA games. Well priced for what it is.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=at-M7F_ORh8
Short, but refreshingly unique. Very Lovecraftian. Due to cheap price there's very little reasons to skip this game. If you are looking for Lovecraftian games, give this a moment. If you are looking for puzzles games, give this a try. If you are interested in comics, this is an interesting interactive comics.  It has very little replay value or depth, but so does have a cup of coffee.
Disappointingly short, but fun and worth playing.
While I like etherane's world-building and characters, I don't like her always depressing tones of stories. Like, everything's bad and will be worse kind of thing. That's why for me the only more or less good game of Hello Charlotte original trilogy is the second one - it has some dark vibes but at least the story is consistent. Hello Charlotte 1 is just a big puzzle with minimal plot and Hello Charlotte 3 (Childhood's End) is just a mess of trying to put the story together and adding really dark and depressive themes such as a plotline of Charles which is... ehhh... I dunno, isn't that necessary overall. So, [b]Heaven's Gate is an alternative universe where Charles's mom has managed to recover from her psychological problems, Charles didn't go crazy, and everyone is alive[/b]. And I like it. I like that Charles here acts and thinks like a person and not as a flat character added just for the sake of a tragedy.  I like Henrietta - she's not bitchy or too sweet, she's just normal.  I like how the game portrays Vincent - in original Hello Charlotte trilogy he's really flat. A really weird boy with some... ehhh... dark tendencies. However, in Heaven's Gate it's shown that Vincent in fact isn't normal at all. He's... you know, bad and awful. AND FINALLY! Charles isn't salivating over him and his ideas and actually thinks for himself.  I really, deeply hate Charles of original Hello Charlotte trilogy - he's just too boring and edgy. Same applies to original Henrietta and Vincent. That's why I couldn't view their part of the story seriously in Hello Charlotte Childhood's End. It was just too edgy. However, here, in Heaven's Gate's alternative universe, they finally look and act like normal people. Charles is sweet and complex, and his phobias and ticks don't look so... frustrating but natural. I finally like him as a narrator. Henrietta's character is alright - etherane still can't decide how to portray her but this variant is quite charming. Vincent isn't an oversweet martyr but a complex person with his cruel inner nature. Plus the ending just feels... right. No one dies, and Charlie is finally able to think for himself.  Heaven's Gate is perfect and I wish it would have been implemented as a true prequel of Hello Charlotte's universe. However, sadly, the canon is way cruel and edgy.  [b]My thumb up goes to Heaven's Gate game solely, the additional Diary part, I think (and hope), extends the events of the canonical universe digging up more dirt on characters, especially Henrietta. I don't like it. It's too edgy and unnecessary.[/b]
Russifier pls!!
just take my money
[b] It is advised to play the Hello Charlotte trilogy before this DLC as it will help understand the story and characters in Heaven's Gate. You need to own the Hello Charlotte Ep3 Childhood's End to play this DLC as the file is found within the Childhood's End game folder[/b]  HC: Heaven's Gate is unlike the previous trilogy of games by [i]Etherane[/i] so be prepared for a change of pace & game medium. Instead of immersing you into a gameplay of puzzles, expressionist graphics that evoked emotional reaction & a surreal world Heaven's Gate takes your hand and let's you explore a kinetic backstory of the HC characters including Henrietta Warhol, Charles Eyler, Vincent and Felix in the True Realm.  Designed using [b]Ren'py[/b] this DLC is an absorbing insight into the relationship between Henrietta (Anri) and Charles as well as giving us a glimpse into the developing friendship between Charles & Vincent.  This Steam DLC also features an Extra story called Diary in the game menu that details events through Anri's eyes that will reflect on her developing relationship with Charles Eyler as well as showing a True Realm version of situations covered in the HC trilogy.   The average reading time is between 40 minutes to an hour with the Diary being a much shorter reading time, the character artwork is forefront with an image blurred background that is common in Ren'py and other Visual Novel programs such as VNMaker. There is a skip function typical to Visual Novels and a save option if you don't want to complete this in one sitting.   I personally enjoyed this approach taken for this DLC as using a Kinetic visual novel style helps add to the reader's transition between earlier HC games that were based within the TV world/False Realm and this DLC being focused in the True Realm. The story does feature mature themes for all the characters ranging from depression to attempted burgalry/rape and self-harm.   I'm intrigued to see if Etherane will release anymore future Hello Charlotte DLCs as this was a fascinating journey into the characters from a real life setting perspective and it opened up more of their backstories from a more mature and clearer view which helped me understand the characters from an emotive angle as the characters went through their 'coming of age'.  ~~~Liked what you see? You can find more at [url=https://store.steampowered.com/curator/32839633/]Have a Word[/url]~~~
Good stuff definitely worth a buy if you love the Hello Charlotte series
A year ago, when EP3 came out, I thought: nah, I will do it later. "Later" came, I guess.  --- MY IMPRESSIONS  ---  Drawing  Hey duuude, if you have troubles with perspective, here is some tip! Don't blur these ugly pictures! Draw from them or on top of them, in your own style! That would be great! Even if you haven't learned how to draw from a proper art-school, good backgrounds in YOUR STYLE would look better on renpy, than that nightmare from free stokes, or wherever you guys get these images. For example, look at the work of Creep Cute with his "Love at first sight". Everything is SUPER BASIC, but charming as hell! THe simple drawing with a bench on a white screen was better than any freaking blurred picture.  Music  No sounds or music. Which is actually great - I don't mind that, since I usually won't notice any music anyway, or would just think that music is mostly disctracting. But I think, sometimes you could use music or other sounds, to make impression stronger.  Promotion  You should promote your work better, and charge more for it. And do better backgrounds, really... We wouldn't know that you made a novel, if steam wasn't playing in a "nominate game" game.  --- MY ASSUMPTIONS ---  I am trying to get the Charles character, and I still have some problems with him. I mostly have questions, not a solid analysis, so I will just leave them here, I guess. Mb answer will come to me eventually. And what seems really strange to me - how Charles is not aware of some things in the world, very easy things, you can learn them from a cartoon or a child book. Most neuroatypical or empathy-lacking kids have troubles with getting basic things about the world. But things Charles won't get, they are sometimes too different from mine point of view, or from points of view I am familiar with.  Apartment buildings.  Here, in Russia, most people live for generations in these "horrible" houses like the main character's building. And you know how we call them? HOME SWEET HOME you f*cker =). It was kinda funny to know about how mc disapproves his environment. But you know what, every house like that (or any house in the world) has his own drug addict in it. Today it is me, tomorrow it's you. That aspect of life is not very tremendous, though I can imagine that a child would see that "fact about the previous flat owner" as something meaningful. Still, it is funny and strange how two characters of the story are horrified by the place mc lives in. So, Anri, wasn't your relative supposed to tell you what to do if somebody grabbed and attacked you in the dark corner of your own apartment building? Mine instructed me over every little shit in the world when I was around 3-4 years old, and I read things about this shit in books, watched them on TV, and so on. Were his parents wealthy or what? Hurted to fall from heaven, eh? And if not - why is he so shocked because of the way his new home looks like.  Snitching and trust issues  Like, really, Charles would go and tell on cheating kids? They write in books and show on cartoons, that it is a bad thing to do. If a teacher said something to make you snitch, why would you trust an adult more than your cartoon? Charles trusts his mother too much. I was also surprised when he told to his mom, that nobody takes Vincent home from the kindergarten. I can't imagine me or my friends sharing something like that with relatives. He is also like a trustful puppy around Vincent. I think, everything here takes a root from the same source. Like, Charles is a bit too trustful to anybody who makes him feel better, elevates his self-esteem, approves his existence. I think, he snitched because teacher was a figure like that. In a different way, but still - teachers surely valued his natural learning abilities and surely occasionally praised him. Charles won't dispute an authority of a person who makes him feel valuable, because, I guess, he wasn't praised much, so he is not picky and will grab almost anything good somebody gives to him. ANd become, in a way, a trustful puppy, or a knight, advisor, or a satellite (pick one, which sounds more appropriate to you). But these assumptions are not answering my questions, like, WHY his brain makes his trust look like that.  Others can think too  Charles doesn't fully realise, that others have self-awareness. He looked very surprised when he realised that Henry knows what she does, or whatever else she knows about herself, don't remember exact words, just the conclusion. Mb that has something to do with the focus of EP3 on the theme "you're just playing the game, you're not the puppeteer!" What a freaking surprise, really... Who the f*ck would have thought so? Thank you for telling me, game, you opened my eyes.  Ending  So, it is cool that Charles and Charlie go through a suicide-scenario with Vincent again and again, and now their beloved Vincent is still alive in the end. But ending was still very abrupt, and I would like to know more about Charles, because I still don't have a complete picture of that person in my mind. And I think, "some things are better left unsaid" - is a very distasteful excuse.  Other characters  Nah, Vincent and Henry are very easy subjects to get. It is mostly because of the fact that the story is not going from their points of view, so they are a bit less complex. But, well... some other things, I guess, matter too when it comes to that subject.  But I disliked Felix in that chapter. Well, that's because he said about: "you can't make a right decision if that shit in your brain won't work properly, because killing me or eating tangerine looks morally the same". It is a bit stupid to think so, but I get it, this thing points out to me, that Felix is just an empathetic person, so he can't imagine how a world would look like without emotions, tied up to decisions. No, Felix, it is not like that. You can make rational decisions without emotions. It mb is a bit harder, because everything looks equal to you. But brain is more complex, than you put it out. So, when it comes to making decisions, you can depend on some other things in your mind, or develop new mechanisms to compensate for the lack of emotional reinforcements. And if you're too confused to do that right away, isolate yourself for a bit, take your time. I mean, killing and eating a tangerine is equal to me, but it doesn't mean I will kill people just because I don't have moral borders and my brain isn't capable of feeling empathy. Why the hell would I do that? It is a bit tiresome.  --- CONCLUSION ---  Anyway, the story is brilliant, check it out. Wanna read more, I can digest a lot more, and would like to pay for stories a lot more. Even though it would be a pain to do some extra work, but whatever. I rarely encounter stuff I like. You can't become rich with a story like that (not enough superficial layers), but I would read it.
Heaven's Gate was a wonderful look into the lives of the charecters of the true realm and some of the flase realm, I absoluetly loved it and if you're a fan of the rest of the Hello Charlotte games you'll love this too.
THIS GAME IS SHIT IT DOESN'T EVNE WORK IOSDFMSDIOFJSDIOF please help me I really enjoyed the free version I just wanna know the extra content
Play Time: 5625 hours.  I only upvote with a precautionary.  Like all the other DLC and microtransactions for this game, you're only buying a little time. I also feel the pricing is too high for what you're getting.  With that said, the taskmasters can provide some convenience in the form of 1 extra utility auto clicker.  There are free scripts such as NIAutoclicker that do much the same thing. The extra consumables are not worth paying for since you get them frequently in game, imoho.   2 of 3 Taskmasters can be acquired in-game easy enough.  They are purchased with in-game rubies which you gain over time by completing missions and campaigns.  The Taskmasters will mostly appeal to idle players who like to keep the game running. Otto Von Click is currently priced at $5. Most of the other DLC priced at $10.   If your goal is to: - Support the Devs, then I vote YES.   - If your goal is to get Phat Loot or make significant progress, then I vote NO.
I lik it
I just started to play this game, it just too many crash!!! Please fix it!! Personally i really look up to this game! I want to enjoy it without that much of crash!
This is the 4th installment of the "Wu-Xia" franchise from Heluo, based on the original novels written by world-renowned author Jin-Yeong(R.I.P). "Wu-Xia" is a general phrase describing those whom dedicate their lives in practicing martial arts and use those skills toward Just causes, kind of like vigilantes. If you know what "Wu-Xia" is, then you'll like this game. Especially if you have played the previous ones. BUT, since it's Heluo's first time creating a 3D Sandbox version of such genre, the game is quite problematic. Consider yourself warned. Now on to the game:  The Good: -Single Player Wu-Xia World RPG (this alone gets 50% score) -Turn based Strategic Positioning Combat System -Several Main Story lines with tons of side quests -Great character designs, flashy skills animations and tons of styles of arts to aquire -Still managed to recapture that '80s Wu-Xia nostalgia -Great replayability  The Bad: -Only available in Simplified/Traditional Chinese -Poorly optimized taxing the crap out of even top end rigs -Weird bugs/glitches sometimes game breaking will make you lose hair -The so called Sandbox open world is in fact UNFINISHED with borders -Some of the stories feel too rushed, ended abruptly -Some Recycled NPC/weapon skins and skills animations -Bad camera angles during combat giving you eye strains and headaches -The game is actually unfinished, some NPCs/items/achievements already exist but quests/stories can't be triggered  Ok, while it may seem like there's quite a bit of negatives, the nostalgia means everything to me, and I'm sure the same rings true for many Wu-Xia fans. I miss a good 'ol fashioned Single Player RPG with a vast story and immersive world. In this day and age every studio out there is about MMORPG and micro-transactions. So I'll continue to support Heluo. I'll be buying every single game and DLC they put out. Buy first ask questions later. I want Heluo to succeed and stick around. At least until my bones become too fragile to be tapping keyboard keys.
除了刚开始时有点难以上手，习惯了后是一部非常令人上瘾的游戏  不过对于开放性地图个人不是太感冒，游戏的优化程度还是有待加强
这个游戏让我找到了金庸群侠传的感觉，如果能开放下控制台就更好了，希望有更多的剧情扩展和系统优化，非常精品的RPG游戏
Nice game
love it
開放性 自由度 有上古卷軸系列的FEEL、音樂很好聽、 遊戲性很強 很耐玩， 就差在語音、戰鬥模式、優化和畫面(模型貼圖品質)。  期待下一作缺點的部分能趕上古劍奇譚3的水準，再加個捏人系統就完美了。
继续努力为我们带来跟多的好游戏。
Great game, you should try it!
还记得 金庸群侠传里少林寺有一处被NPC挡住，那个小扫地僧会说这个地方还在开发中，为此我们等了20多年... 虽然这一作可能不是玩家也不是开发者心中最好的续作，但是请继续努力...
除了非常烂的优化和非常烂的任务提示之外，其他对我来说都做到很好！以游戏性来说，这是一个很好玩的游戏
说实话刨去游戏卡顿画面和优化这些技术层面的东西，就游戏性来说绝对是在好游戏的范畴，回合制也是做得比较多的战斗系统更好把控一些，也不能说回合制就不好。而河洛更不是某些人说的糊弄敷衍的圈钱作。游戏内很多方面都体现出制作组在用心做了，可能技术和资金还是不到位，说实话现在国内单机的行情出了古剑3算是奇迹了。多多支持，玩家和开发者共同努力有了良好环境国内单机才更有希望。也希望河洛工作室再接再厉，目前这游戏还有很多可以改进的地方就这样放着能理解，但是改的好了使其成为佳作更是长脸。我是很期待还有没有后续的，而国内游戏不管怎样我不会给差评的。加油！
First of all, I’m an overseas Chinese player who loves Wuxia Genre and have played all 3 previous games from Heluo studio. I will break down the review into sections:   Optimization I have to admit I was quite disappointed when I read the initial review of this game when it first came out, so I waited patiently for the steam version, which was released a month later with multiple patches already in place. My hardware is quite basic (i5, GTX775m, 16GB ram) and I set the graphics to medium quality. Using this set up the game is mostly smooth except for initial loading or large combats. It does get noticeably slower after 3 hours of gameplay though and I think this is related to known issues with over usage of internal memory.   Graphics The other main gripe with the game from the forums is the graphics. It really is not comparable with AAA open world games, however I really think we should not be expecting that with this price range and the small Heluo studio as it is. Having said that I think the character models/textures could be more refined. Some of the lighting effects and environments are nice and the terrain is quite varied. Nevertheless you’ve come to the wrong place if you are here for the eye candy.   Bugs In my playthrough I did not experience any major game-breaking bugs but there are still a few small bugs which can be annoying. Sound is not good and cuts out randomly especially at night. There are no sound for footsteps. These should be fixed (hopefully soon).   Story and side quests This is the main strength of the game, with interesting story line and rich/variable side quests. For me this was enough to distract me from the small annoyances of the game.   Combat and role play elements I don’t mind turn based combat, so this was a plus, though I feel more strategic elements could have been added to the combat system. I thought the kung fu scrolls and the mastery nodes system was quite refreshing and plays out well, and was quite an attractive aspect of the game.   Overall I would recommend this to any lover of the wuxia genre. I think the game could be significantly enhanced by future DLCs or community mods (especially if there is official steam workshop support – hint to developer)     
做个游戏卡的和你M一样
pros: immersive world of Wuxia. towns felt vibrant and truly alive many secrets to discover and dozens of Wushu to master the talent system is a breath of fresh air but needs balancing works tons of side quests and a great main story. 80 hrs into first playthrough  cons: bugs...there're plenty, although not game breaking skill balance is bad. certain skills are op, rest of them are underwhelming overall progression needs to smooth out a bit. comparing to the south side of the map, north side felt empty and incomplete Mandarin only, no other language options
Fantastic game from Heluo team! Need to perform more to increase smooth level. Thumbs up!
Still need to do a lot of resource optimisation, but overally a fine game for the price with a lot of contents to explore.
画面，音乐，风景，地图都是我喜欢的类型 如果优化能做更好点就更好了
I am enjoying the game tremendously. There aren’t many games to choose from in the true Wuxia genre. Most recent ones will be dealing with high fantasy Wuxia and just don’t feel like old school Wuxia.  The game is really buggy and laggy which reminds me of old Chinese games in the early mid 90’s, but I still enjoy it with the “more” original feel of the story and a couple of mini side missions. The tempo of the battles is quite slow, requiring some repetitive grinding but it is expected for a SLG style of combat.   I feel Heluo Studio is getting there with game developing and producing, but not quite there yet. The previous games by the studio with the 2.5D camera angle runs quite smooth, but this game just isn’t optimized well. However, I would recommend this game to the die-hard Chinese reading Wuxia fans out there. I never thought of Wuxia as a niche genre with a small market, but there just aren’t enough good Wuxia games out there. Please give the studio some support, be patient with them and enjoy a world of Wuxia as best as you can!
河洛优化差是不是被误会了？？  我玩了116分钟的河洛，暂时还是在体验游戏的操作和流畅度，还没有正式进入剧情。   之前河洛刚推出时恶评如潮。虽然youtube第一时间就有玩家的视频，可是流畅度却是卡卡的。前几天我刚开始玩发现游戏还是卡卡的不流畅但是可以接受。怎知道今天我才知道这个游戏根本就没问题！是不是玩家们误会了？让我分享下解决方案！   1）视角令人头晕。 玩家们是不是指不断旋转，不断改变视角的情况？比如视角左右旋转或慢慢下沉？这根本是bug! 我发现只要使用手柄操作就会出现这个问题！就算事后换成mouse + keyboard操作这个视角旋转问题也没有解决！   解决方法就是重新按一次预设操作，问题就马上解决。正常的情况视角是不会旋转而是跟这mouse左右摆动而改变视角，这是一般3D游戏的做法。河洛也是如此！如果诸位发现视角自动旋转就是bug！   2）游戏很卡不流畅 Youtuber的1080Ti都玩得很卡！问题出自哪里？还是一样，手柄！只要使用手柄玩这个游戏就是特别的卡！一旦使用mouse + keyboard 问题就解决！（当然需要 重新按一次预设操作 不然旋转视角会烦死你！   3）画面粗糙不美 我的GTX970 + 16GB RAM，开高特效，1920x1080使用mouse + keyboard玩得非常顺畅，根本就没有问题！只要不碰手柄就没有问题！   对于那些尚在观望这游戏的朋友，我觉得可以入手了！mouse + keyboard完全没有问题！我还不知道玩上2到3个小时会怎样？这个改天再测试！ 
Issues with performance. But besides of that, I like the game very much. Of course am hoping in the future, there're better graphics, performance etc to become a better game
support rare good chinese game
Good memories for those who had played 金庸群侠传, but the fighting may become repetitive and slow at times.  Update 5-Feb-2019: Finished the game as "Good" character. And tried to play the 2nd time as "Evil" character (Full evil stats and choosing all evil actions in storylines) Now I am stucked at one of the main mission and cannot finish the game.
Quit nice. Just price is abit expensive.
Need more fix on the graphic lags, but the story is good for it
勉强可以 现实->期待
Currently the game wasn't as good as expected but still very fun to play.
Quite enjoyable.  However, you can learn all skills if you prefer to invest time.  It make the game less strategic.
.
Been playing more than 40 hrs now, minor progress with main quest. Currently playing 3rd new character, 2nd one using chinese mod where you can change main character models as well as characters and martial arts from Jing Yong Classics like Divine Dragon Palm, Dog Beating Sticks...etc. The game is not optimized for 1080p, I play with 1366x768 with all graphics feature on which has the smoothest FPS with my GTX980Ti. Once you figured the battle system, smithing, quest and martial arts system, more you apprecite deep RPG system.
最新更新之后 特意买了steam版 然后从方块把记录拷过来支持一下 但是这次主线都卡住了 一世富贵任务线 旧版本的时候都没遇到的...  如果能把bug修复好... 还是会给好评的...  新开档就好了...  我只能没骨气的说 真香XD
I am a fan of the Heluo Studio.  This is a good game and has a good story line and wuxia content.  After the initial performance issues, the game has been polished and it's enjoyable to play.  If there are more updates made to this game, it has the potential to become another great game.
Good game. Bugs are being fixed efficiently.
画面差优化渣，但是真香 唉....只能说一步登天真的难 30个小时各种清支线，主线是啥？
It's "Okey" or "not bad" for now, almost close to "great", and I believe it is getting better every week.
Nostalgic (referring to 1996 Heroes of Jin Yong), open-world WuLin game. Great game from a small Taiwan Dev who has dreams of making it international!   Pros: *Open-world & non-linear Story *Side-quests are everywhere (near to 20 hours in & felt like 10% completion)  Cons: *Optimization needed on resource requirements  Despite the fact that it lags roaming the open world (need a better setup mine is old), game is very fun to play, keep it up!
If you are a fan of the Wu Xia genre (Eastern fantasy), this game is a must have. The large variety of skills, weapons and build paths creates exciting and complex ways to play the game. You can make a viable build by using any of the 7 weapons in the game, and the debuffs/buffs like in the Divinity Series add an additional layer of sophistication that makes combat even more interesting. There are also many interesting side quests like in the Yakuza Series that are sometimes absurd, but very fun to play.   The biggest fault of the game is that optimization is incredibly poor. The graphics quality is from 5 years ago, yet when I'm running on an intel 8700-k and 1080ti, I frequently get stutters from time to time on the highest settings. Even at the lowest settings, the stutters still occur, just less frequently.  Tl;Dr One of the best Wuxia games if you can get past the poor graphics and stutters that will inevitably occur.
Best wuxia game!  神作必入！！
Yes, the graphic is nothing like the top tier games out there. I never expect a small company can produce a fancy game like The Witcher. It's only $16.19; what can you ask for? Overall, I like the concept of the game, and the Wuxia culture built inside. It's an open world with seamless map, which I like as well. And I find I don't need to invest a lot of time playing it, because the whole story is made of many small pieces of events. I am expecting DLCs and mods to expand the story and gaming experience.
啊 。。。不行了。。。早泄了 XD
勉强还可以啦 河洛在画面上一直都不是强项，不过真的是卡得不能，跳一下卡一下，石头树木我也是分不清 记得打开beta版本下载最新补丁，要不然你就是玩最原始的版本了 现在暂时不玩了，等更多优化出来再说 再接再厉吧，河洛！我们可是从小玩你的游戏长大的，诚意一直是你们最大的杰作，不要辜负了我们一班老玩家
come for support the wuxia game! finally! just bought the game but the game a bit laggy. hope will have update to improve it!
Awesome DLC - worth the price and I HOPE they keep expanding stuff like this in the game.
So I thought the base game couldn't be better, I was happily mistaken.  This adds so much content to the game from the start, a new tech tree, new buildings and a end game which I guess the base game didn't have. You now have the ability to terraform and shape Mars into a new Earth. Lakes, Trees, Rain and Open Domes are all achievable now and all you need is a lot of global warming, excessive seed dispersion and nuking the polar ice caps!   This DLC brings this game up to a 10/10 in my opinion.  If you have the base game and are considering this DLC, just consider a green mars without moxies.
Definitely Recommend to get this dlc, even at first purchase.   When I first got Surviving Mars, I enjoyed the game for a short while, as I found the game a bit directionless for the player, since there was really no objective that was rewarding and visually appealing (Yes, there are mysteries, but it still not the same) and it was not enjoyable to sustain large colonies.   But here, the terraforming mechanic didn't just add another passive, but rewarding, objective, it was also perfect for my style of playing, which was taking my time for sustainability and world-building. I have had more game time spent with the dlc than when I didn't have it.   Full recommend. Should buy.  (It would also be awesome if modders can working on mods for this)
A must have for anyone who enjoys the gameplay of base Surviving Mars. It adds a whole new layer of things to manage.
Very big improvement to the base game.  The terraforming and the visual changes it brings to the map are great.  Flattening the map is a HUUGE improvement since it allows you to better plan your base. Once you've terraformed passed a certain point it truly gives a sense of accomplishment.  The only downside I see is that the game progresses too slowly, especially at the very last stages it becomes a problem and all you can do is wait, especially if you already have a big base. (to get vegetation to 100% especially) Then getting those 3 counters to 100% doesn't really do anything except change the look of the planet in the mission screen. I feel it should at least unlock something. 
This expansion is fantastic and really changes the game, especially the endgame. Watching mars turn blue and green is very satisfying. It really revived the game for me and is one of the best 20 bucks i ever spent.
This DLC solves the issue with end game being a bit shallow. Highly recommended.
Really fun and challenging to make Mars Earth-like.  Though you really need a lot of time to do so, but in the end, it is very rewarding.
Perhaps my favorite DLC of all time. It really builds on the experience of the base game by really extending the late game, which also means that you will probably put in a lot of hours if you where really enjoyed the base game. You get to turn a harsh and dreary place into a lush paradise that is green, upbeat, leaving you feeling accomplished, and your goals fulfilled.   
I very much enjoyed the DLC, but:  If you've already mastered the base game, the terraforming elements are just a matter of building more buildings, and I didn't feel there was any added difficulty.  I was worried that terraforming would take longer than it would for me to complete the other aspects of the map, but I actually finished terraforming before I finished researching all technologies.   How the environment changes as you terraform is a nice experience; there are a few "blips" where you get a sense of awe and wonder, but once your eyes adjust to the new colour temperature and greenery, you barely remember what mars looked like before and so your appreciation diminishes. I was hoping the end result would be a kind of juxtaposition of earth greenery on an alien planet -- I guess, a bit more fantastical -- but it's just Earth 2.0.  I also wish there were more events relevant to terraforming per map ("Requires Your Attention!"): I can only remember getting two.  If you've terraformed mars once, there's no need to try it again. In fact, now that I finished terraforming in my recent play through, the dlc feels like it'll be a hassle in future playthroughs where my goal is just to complete all "Mystery" challenges and to overcome more difficult game settings of the base game.
Yes.
I haven't gotten that far into Green Planet, but I'm already enjoying it. A great idea for an expansion.
If you like the base game this DLC only makes it better.  
A must have DLC for Surviving Mars. Extremely well done in all respects.
Really good DLC.  Always wanted to see this in surviving mars.
Lovely expansion which makes the game experience much more complete! Must buy!
This DLC brings the game to its full potential. Oh and it adds SOOOOOOOO many more hours of gameplay. If you like quick games, run away. Run away fast. 
It adds an actual endgame goal besides just survival to your colony. Now you can work to turn the Red Planet Green, and in the process, not just survive, but Thrive.   The DLC Includes   -Several Buildings which are Terraforming oriented, such as Greenhouse Gas Factories, CO2 Factories, Plant Seeders, and Lakes.  -Terraforming functions in 4 main areas, Atmosphere, Heat, Water, and Vegetation. Atmosphere is the composition of atmosphere, 100% means you can breathe in it, and higher atmosphere negates meteor showers, dust storms, and other disasters. Heat is how close to Earth-Like temperatures Mars is. Higher heat means liquid water, rain, toxic rain, and the end of Cold Waves. Vegetation is the amount of greenery on Mars, and is gained from a new resource, Seeds.   -New Projects. These are your bread and butter when it comes to terraforming. Eventually, using buildings to Terraform hits a wall, and your gains are reduced, forcing you to use projects to advance it. Vegetation is the biggest and longest one to do as it's gains from seeders almost completely stop at 40%.   My Verdict : It's good, adds an endgame to Surviving Mars and makes the planet quite beautiful in the process. However it does take forever (which is kinda realistic in a way).   I'd say this is pretty much a necessary DLC for the game, get it when you can.
Green Planet is awesome!
Pretty neat DLC.  Far from being essential, while still adding an interesting new goal to work toward.  The visual feedback of the Terraforming progress is really cool to witness.
Now the game feels complete.
TL;DR It's a good DLC, I guess. Just don't expect having it and Space Race to let you become a super villain and hold the other colonies hostage with crazy terraforming tools turned superweapons.  The fun things: -Nuke the ice caps with 400 fuel. Apparently the fuel you make on Mars is military-grade nuclear material or something. -Fairly accurate portrayal of terraforming throughout the process. It's slow, but Rome wasn't built in a day and that sure wasn't as complicated as reshaping an entire planet. -The world map is responsive to your actions: improve the atmosphere and clouds will start to appear. Add water before you raise the temperature enough and you'll see ice form all over the surface. Turn Olympus Mons into an island. All sorts of fun things. -Cover your colony in lichen before you have liquid water. -Surprisingly, once you open the domes it seems that colonists will wander between nearby domes freely to use services near the edge of a neighboring dome. If you have a mod that extends the work range, this might be a nice little feature for you. -Grow plants outside and say goodbye to needing workers to make sure your colony doesn't starve to death.  Now for the bad: -If you're like me, you probably were hoping that the devs did something fun for colonies with a negative altitude on the world map and... They make a large circle around the colony on the world map always land. No joke, my first game was set in the lowlands with the hope there'd be some fun "Martian Atlantis" stuff to do, but even if you land at the lowest point on Mars and flood the entire planet, you're still going to be above the water anyways. Kind of a let down. -Getting a nice amount of plant life around the colony. Unless you decide you only want to get one or two areas seeded with lichen early on, you really can't get much done with a single farm or hydroponics farm. You need a lot of areas with high soil quality to grow crops in open farms and that's a lot of maintenance for seeds. Every farm you have growing seed crops isn't growing food. If you have the DLC that adds ranches, you can just raise livestock and not worry about it. -It doesn't interact with Space Race in any way at all from what I've seen. The rival colonies have no real interest in terraforming the planet, leaving it up to you to do all the work. On top of that, there's a bunch of fun things you'd think you could do with total control of the planet at your fingertips that you can't. You can't use magnetic field generators to trigger Marsquakes that hit other colonies. You can't redirect comets or meteors to hit the Russian colony because they got a dome up before you and you've been waiting 60 sols to get revenge. You can't even turn Mars into a 100% water world after everyone else opens the domes to wipe them out. This is a DLC where you'd think you'd be able to emulate a mad scientist, but... you just can't. It's sad, really.
This game eats your hours, in a good way. Terraforming is visually rewarding. End game is still a bit tediious, gone to sol 320 twice and still can't get forestation done, the last steps feels like grinding and became run-killers. But then again, that's after 10h a run, up to a decent society of 3,5k pop, all wonders and repeating same tech fifty five times. A few patches and it should be balanced enough.
Awesome xpack, added alot to the base game. Def worth imo.
It's a nice addition, but I ran out of stuff to do after 24 hours other then restart and playing again. Before I would normally have 'won" about Sol 200, this expansion drags things out to Sol 300. But those extra sols are really slow.
Absolutely love the idea of turning Mars into a green planet and this dlc makes it look real. The mechanics are great and don't feel like a burden but rather a naturally progressing mechanic. 
Incredible expansion that really makes the game come alive (pardon the pun). I've often found myself just staring at the planetary map, watching the world change color. The projects are fun, challenging, and deeply rewarding.  I've played this game since it came out and have always found it fun, but this DLC really completes it. I'm not just going to Mars to build some domes, but rather working with a goal that is my bigger than my colony. Kudos to the entire dev team -- their passion and commitment to detail is easy to see.
It's a fun expansion, and adds something to do in the late game. I do wish they had included some more achievements. I like them to give me something to work towards when replaying games. However, for this expansion, I got every new acheivement in a single playthrough as they weren't exactly diverse. The terranforming stuff is cute though, and the improvements to farming and ranching are great.
This DLC has a lot of amazing content. this is so worth it
Its good.   Make Mars Green Again
Green Planet was the first release of a strategy game that I was actually hyped for and looked forward to the time it was going live (previously, I had done that only for online RPG games like WoW and PoE). I wasn't disappointed, as this added a ton of content across the board, enriching the early, mid and late game experience of Surviving Mars. The expansion gives you even more control of what you can do as you shape Mars to your liking, and I think the price is a steal for the amount of content and fun you get. Absolutely recommended!
Fairly pleasant addition to Surviving Mars. It was nice seeing the world turn green and blue.  But it hasn't fixed Surviving Mars' lack of end-game. This DLC only extends the life of a playthrough for another 100-200 Sols maybe but once the planet is terraformed there's nothing to do again except population control.
A fantastic xpac and well worth the money
anyones game keep crashing?
Best DLC ever...Thank You Haemimont Games
Great expansion. Adds a lot to the late game and gives yo another thing to worry about while frantically trying to prevent the collapse of your colony.
Awesome expansion! Gives you a meaningful and inspiring goal to strive towards when building a colony,
ooh nice graphics and nice game play ahead recommended -- did not receive for free long time fan of surviving mars --
Great addition to the base game! I didn't even tried it yet but wanted to be the first!
The songs in this dlc are fantastic. while there are only a few, and it does get repetitive, the music is catchy and really suits the mars enviroment.
These songs have no right to be as good as they are! Absolutely worth the money.
I've got this as part of the season pass, and oh boy, would i regret it if i didn't have this DLC. The songs are absolutely amazing, it is hard to believe they were actually made just for the game. This music alone made the whole game purchase worth it.
This is the best piece of DLC anyone has ever made. The songs are good, the tone is funny, and the style is true to Eurovision. Totally and unreservedly recommended.
I haven't played Surviving Mars since the release of the last DLC and decided to play again since I had the season pass. I did not expect to hear this kind of quality of music from such a low priced DLC. Really really great addition. I love all of them.  Now, can anyone please tell me the titles of the songs and where can I purchase them so I can add them on my playlists. Seriously, I'd really love to. If they are game exclusives, I really do hope you guys will release it as an album.
The soundtrack impressed me so much that I put the effort into extracting the files and converting them to play on my phone. 11/10
This is my first review ever and I can't believe it's for a music DLC, but since I've found myself turning on the game just so I can hear these songs I thought I should let everyone know that they're actually really great. Huge kudos to the team for making these absolute jams.
*Clap* *Clap* mmm, very delicous. Good stuff, better than Real radio 
Big improvement over the regular soundtrack which is kind of monotonous. Some cool songs, worth the little extra.
Yes
Cannot believe I'm saying this about a music DLC but the songs are quite good. There is worse stuff being played on real life radio all day long, not joking.
This is pure art 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
Might seem like the last kind of dlc you would want to buy but, honestly, the songs are awesome. I can't believe I am saying this but I would call this totally worthwhile.
you will love the new songs.... i swear it !!!
I use everything from this DLC in every game.  It's as close to a must have as an optional thing can be.
Only DLC I fully recommend, the buildings it adds really improve the vanilla gameplay. Plus, pretty.
Possibly the most useful DLC for Surviving Mars.  The Colony Design Set *isn't* just cosmetic, there are smaller versions of the Space Bar, Grocer, Art Store, basic houses, and the electronic and machine parts manufacturing plants. These all work as you'd expect, are well balanced (being slightly less than 1/3 as effective as their larger counterparts), and well appreciated when fleshing out domes.  The large wind generator is likewise appreciated. It takes twice as much space and maintenance, and provices twice as much power as regular wind generators. However the cost to upgrade to polymer blades is the same, and the number of maintenance trips your drones will need to do is halved, so they're worth using if you've got the need.  There are also a few extra designs for things like clinics and diners (use '[' and ']' to cycle through models with the default keybindings), which provide some much-welcome variety.
Good value, lots of new assets.
Yes
Beyond the quality alternaive models for many existing buildings, this supplies 9 new buildings, all of which have been useful for me, including several 3-hex "small" buildings (e.g. a space bar, electronics factory, machine parts factory, art store, and grocer), and several larger buildings, such as large wind turbines and large oxygen tanks.  The small buildings are great for smaller domes, where passages often eat-up a hex in a wedge, allowing you to get things done even with the remaining space.  The large wind turbine has also been a great addition, slightly netting me positive on resources when upgrades are taken into account.  A great addition!
Must need DLC, if you want a new design for your colony
awesome has a new address and it is : SURVIVING MARS and the  Colony Design make the game more stylish and elegant !! love it
Open up the Steam folder... > Tomoyo After > Soundtrack > Track 1, To the Same Heights  30 seconds later, crying.  Thank you for making this available through Steam, especially at such a good price & in both FLAC & MP3 (320kbps) variants. I hope we can also see the CLANNAD & Planetarian OST's available soon!
Playable game, enjoyable too.  Voice acting is good. Visuals are great. Story is not bad. Whole game is like nicely done interactive fearie tale book.  Few minor bugs. No auto save -> save often.  I had my fun!
Extremely cute and fun adventure game where you follow a water strider through Korean Folklore to deliver a flower to Buddha. Beat it in 1 hour and it was an hour well spent, well worth the few bucks I spent on it.
I'ts alright for what I played of it. I haven't completed it and don't think I will ever do, I just don't feel like it.
As someone who knows next to nothing about Korea or it's culture, I adored this little game. While it was longer than I expected (about an hour and a 1/2 with all the wandering I did), I highly enjoyed it and found it very sweet! The part with the dancing dragons and frogs made it for me~ If you're looking for a fun little point in click with soft pastels and a nice encouraging story, and very few puzzles, I would highly recommend this!  The only thing I would say that needs work is that the English translation can be a little muddled at times, and also the text appers it bit too slow for my liking (especially because I recorded a Let's Play for this game, made reading a little difficult). I will put up the link below for anyone who would be interested! ^w^  Another thing, when I put the name of the game into Google Translate (very reliable, I know) as Korean, to English, and back, not only did "Hoyeonjigi" translate to "treadmill" but it changed to a completely different phrase?? Can anyone give a bit of insight?
Very solid in all departments (okay, except for the translation). Good pixel art with some simple but lovely animations. The peculiar folklore characters are well-designed and often amusing (cute anime emoting included, naturally). A nice simple story. Some very light puzzling. The slightly eerie atmosphere is especially well done.  The only disappointment is that some NPCs and even some locations end up not being used for anything at all.  A couple of technical things that could be improved are Hoyeon always being positioned and facing the same way regardless of where she came from and having to wait for half a second after each action for the cursor to become active again.
If you want to play a short, simple puzzle game with cute visuals, I would recommened this! You get to meet interesting characters as well as learn about Korean culture. There is no story build-up, so play to relax and experience it. I got stuck once but that was for about 5 minutes or so. The price is fair for what you get.
Almost all elements appearing in the game are actual Korean cultural assets. Comfortable colors, cute characters (especially carp), difficult language play and retro emotional BGM. Gameplay is a simple point-and-click approach with a little puzzle, and playtime is not that long. (translated with google)  게임 내에 등장하는 거의 모든 요소들이 실제 한국 문화재를 모티브로 하고있다. 장점으로는 편안한 색감과 귀여운 캐릭터 (특히 잉어),난감한 언어유희와 레트로 감성의 BGM이 도드라진다. 게임 플레이는 약간의 퍼즐이 가미된 평이한 포인트-앤-클릭 방식이며 플레이 타임은 짧은 편이다.
Pretty polished. Graphics are good.  Menus are next level.  It's like if Doom VFR were turned into a a base defense wave shooter like Archery from the lab, but way more advanced.  Wasn't clear from the video but You're controlling giant mech arms.  The enemies aren't really tiny it's just that your arms are huge.  You have various moves like grab and squash.  deflect missles.  My favorite is blowing up the missile on the robots back which causes a nice splash damage explosion.  worth checking out if you like wave shooters.
This game is actually really cool and fun I feel like I’m operating a mech from the 3rd matrix movie but fighting zombie/robots very very fun and refreshing
You may be wondering to yourself, what is 03.04? Well, quite simply... it's the day that you died. You are a sinner, an overall terrible person who spent their entire life cheating, lying, stealing, and murdering. Now in death, you must atone for your three biggest crimes, while facing your inner demons on a journey through purgatory. If successful, you just might have a chance at ascending to Heaven. However, if you fail, you're most assured to go to Hell for all eternity.  So, with all that said it's important to point out that 03.04 is yet another indie Russian horror game, but this time it's actually one worth playing; it's not some 10-minute dumpster fire put together with stolen assets and a billion achievements. Don't expect some easy-to-understand story, though, as a good portion of the text is lost in translation. Much of it, however, can sort of be pieced together with some good guesses, and you'll end up getting the general gist of what's going on... mostly. The rough translation is honestly the biggest flaw of this title, but it's the dark, genuinely scary atmosphere that should keep you playing for its 2-3 hour duration.  The atmosphere is actually really well done, despite the music either not being present or not wanting to work a good portion of the time. That flaw leaves the natural ambience to shine through and create a sense of tense, quiet dread, as no audible queues are present to let you know when an enemy might sneak up on you out of nowhere. Audio queues are the modern bane of most horror games, ensuring that you know when a scare is about to happen; this game follows the old rule that there is no "scare warning" courtesy, and it also doesn't rely on jump scares. The dark, sparse lighting also adds to the overall foreboding atmosphere, leaving you to rely on your flashlight to illuminate most nooks and crannies. It's very reminiscent of the amazing, simple-yet-chilling atmosphere found in Cry of Fear.  The demons don't always make noise, either. Sometimes you'll cautiously wander into a room to find yourself face-to-face with a snarling beast, as you stumble backwards and try to either get your shotgun out or down the entity quickly with your pistol. There's a true sense of horror instilled because of this, and it forces you to slow down and check every corner of each room before pushing onward; especially since the slightest noise, such as a radio or TV suddenly coming on, can cause these foes to rise from their resting places and converge on you. The ammo and health pick-ups are also sparing enough to cause this game to be considered survival horror, especially if you're playing it on its Hardcore mode, which negates weapons and saving.  With the good must also come the bad, but thankfully there isn't really that much to gripe about. First and foremost, aside from the previously mentioned awful translation, is the lack of rebindable controls. This wouldn't be so much of a problem if the controls weren't weirdly bound by default; L activates the flashlight (which should be F), F opens up doors and picks up items (which should be E), R reloads the weapon, Q checks the amount of ammo left in the weapon since there is no HUD for that (and it's a cool feature, honestly), Shift sprints, and CTRL crouches. It's not the most horrific control scheme on the market, and it's more akin to old-school FPS gameplay such as Counter-Strike, but it's still odd to have to get re-used to it.  Personally, I never expect much from these cheap games, especially a title that only costs $2.29 CAD when it's not on sale. Surprisingly, 03.04 isn't like the majority of the other cheap titles, and it's actually good; it's shockingly good, in fact, especially for a debut release from a one-man development 'team'. However, by buying this release you may be supporting a weeb with a Nazi obsession, if going off of their public VK posts is any indication of their real personality and interests. There's also a really weird, out-of-place line about Islam in the game, but it's neither here nor there... at least not in the English translation. Overlooking all of that, it's still a really fun and scary indie horror game.  [h1]Rating: [b]4.0/5.0[/b] - Excellent, highly worth playing.[/h1] The Horror Network [url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/28221963/]Curator[/url] | [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/thehorrornetwork]Group[/url] Click for Gore
https://youtu.be/hC1emWWpCyI  Whilst some bugs and glitches do mar the overall experience, there were no game breaking bugs. Also the game was a little laggy so could use a bit more optimisation.   The game itself is more of an action horror, rather than pure survival horror, the ambience is good and the visuals are not bad. Also for a first game, the story tackles a pretty 'controversial' topic - bravo for having the backbone to tackle it.   The biggest annoyance is the hotboxes for picking items up. Sometimes you need to spam the key multiple times before the game reacts.  So it is fairly short game of a couple of hours but at least you can save and come back later, but there is also an arena mode for a bit more replayability as well as a hardcore mode with no saves. All in all not a bad first effort, but not a must play. At least that is reflected in the price.
it is good game however for the false advertisement (islam is the peacefullest religion in planet !!!!  ) I will refound this game . if you dont care about it and you want to try it go ahead and play the game . it is not a bad game, it is unique in it's own ways .
For a horror game this was a better one!  The game can be clunky at times, but the game was longer than I expected some areas took time to figure out.  The Jumpscares GOT ME a couple of times, I don't know why but it should have been obvious.  You can choose to be stealthy and use the knife or get a gun to shoot monsters but it attracts the others so you need to smart with you're choices.  Like all horror games you have a phone and you get text messages throughout the game either painting you they backstory of the person why he is doing this to you, or the person gives clues of what to do next.  Just warning some areas would be hard to pass either because of the monsters I recommend you becomes stealthy with your approach, or the next destination is in a small area that have to enter.  It would have been cool to get a better understanding of the story and more than 3 monster types.  I didn't like the ending at all it was anticlimactic FOR ME but you may like it.  The Price is reasonable actually VERY reasonable I paid more for WORSE BEILEVE ME.  If you're curious you can check my gameplay of the game https://youtu.be/cZTmPSY8HtQ
It was a nice depressive banger. Basically cry of fear ULTRA LIGHT. Worth the dollar I paid. Arena mode is fine.
Really not bad ;) I enjoyed this short but well done game :)
Alot of potential here. One of the better low-budget games I have played recently.  Maybe a few more different enemies, and explain the story just a bit more.  But for the rest I think this game was worth the money I paid for it.  
Despite only taking 92 minutes to beat, it was still a decent time waster in the end.  My only issues with this game were; 1) It was too short, (I was actually looking forward to more of it when it ended abruptly). 2) In the third and final chapter there was a section of tunnel (that didn't even need to be explored) I thought I needed to check out, till I started dying to gas or something then fell off the planet at a random spot. 3) I could've beaten it even faster if the last objective actually needed to be done. (I was told to enter a locked control room, there was no key anywhere and the gate that was supposed to be opened via said control room, I managed to just walk through for some reason).  That last gripe took me to Youtube for a walk through wherein the guy I followed seemed to just have the key out of nowhere after reloading a checkpoint after dying. However I beat it beforehand, so I don't really care.
It's fun but enemies and stamina are a bit annoying. Overall not bad for an indie game.
Assuming that nothing here was stock premades bought off the unity store or something, this game is actually well made with pretty good production value for something of its price. The mechanics work, I enjoy the HUD-less screen and ammo-check mechanic and gunplay. It's not exactly scary for me, but then again, I'm a veteran horror gamer, so nothing phases me, but it has its moments. The story is pretty good too, even if it isn't quite original. It talks about a man fighting his inner demons in purgatory (which has guns in it). There's a religious theme to it, which I find okay because it adds to the atmosphere.  The story mode is a little repetitive though, and could stand to use more variety in terms of weapons and enemies. The translation to English is really bad though, and they really need a translator to help them out with that. One really bad thing that stuck out like a sore thumb, though, was the 'death sound' they used for when the player dies. It's straight from Counterstrike 1.6. That's possibly illegal but definitely plagiarism. It erodes my trust in the developers, and now I don't know if all the assets used in this game are original.  I enjoyed the arena mode, and I'l likely come back to it when I have the time.  All in all, I feel that this game is pretty good for what it is - a low budget, cheap horror game that has more value than it is actually worth, especially after I put in an hour or two into the arena game mode and try out the hard-core mode. Recommended!
https://youtu.be/Trz8hedz0as  -copy link i actually enjoyed it so come watch support if you would like that way i can come see everyone that way i can play more games from these up an coming creators  this games not bad it feels like im playing cry of fear some bugs here an there lol  but its all dope in my opinion some little more work an this game would be a master piece
Summary: A great little horror game with an interesting plot, solid combat, great atmosphere and satisfying weapons. A real hidden gem that fans of the horror shooters shouldn't miss. 8/10  A full detailed video review can be viewed here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iu6SJfP7io0  Pros: - Interesting and well paced plot - Solid Combat - Satisfying weapons - Excellent and absorbing atmosphere - Great monster design - Addictive and intense survival mode & a hardcore mode for the campaign for those looking for a real challenge.  Cons: - Enemy death animations sometimes glitch & sounds sometimes don't play - Weapon damage appears to be random - Melee combat with the knife is clunky 
Its a fun little game, it took me 86 minutes to complete the whole game, i bought it for 47 cents. The gunplay is quite good, you have do duel wield your mobile phone and gun like in cry of fear. I recommend this game if u want a decent horror experience without cheap jumpscares. It feels like a shorter and less complex cry of fear, but thats okay.
Awesome story about a someone that is fighting his inner demons that torment him after a tragic event.  The gameplay may become dull after awhile but its nothing you can't endure (game is 1h 1/2 long).  Also, don't start playing 03.04 expecting a very heavy horror game with jumpscares and so on, some enemies might scare you (because of their placement) but most of the times they wont be more than some targets to shoot.   Grab it at a discount so you can support these small devs and help them develop more games. There's a lot of potential here.
I really enjoy this game. The arcade is fun, the campaining dosnt make sence but still fun, and the gamplay is really enjoyable. The game dosnt have cross hairs wich is a nice change and the monsters are assest for sure but they do fit the vibe really well. I reccomend it for people that like horror and action. Also, the game is scary but the scares are mainly jumpscares. I reccomend getting the demo first so you get the jist of the game on there. So yeah, I would recomend this game 8\10
Cool horror game about purgatory realy had those nice silent hill vibes and the game mechanics with the phone and the texts were realy nice https://youtu.be/ijh4GoOMDC4
Rustic game but nevertheless not bad
03.04 would definitely get a middle rating if we had one but since we only get a recommend or a not recommend I'm going to go ahead and recommend it.   The reason I recommend it is because it's not very expensive, it's got enough of a story and decent gameplay to keep you engaged for a little while, and there's more here than you get for triple this price from some other games. It's definitely one that's going to be a little divisive but I think there's enough here to give it a thumbs up.   Here's a series I started uploading to Youtube if you want to see it in action and decide for yourselves:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wktY06gidm8&list=PL08FwntTpxPCvvh0mKvdvIerhsD3wgIYU
I am very impressed with the dedication this Developer has! Since it's release they have pumped out 8 updates in a very short time addressing issues and adding more content. I have not had enough time to play this game yet, but from what I have seen, it's not bad at all, considering it costs less than a cup of coffee. I get very annoyed at people who complain about imperfections when they are practically getting this game for free.  I never hope for much when I am paying such a low price for a game and to be honest, I am happy to support Developers who are passionate and are not after a quick cash grab.
I look at the negative reviews and im like these guys need to chill this game is most likely made by 1-2 guys only  i myself enjoyed this "experince " the story the twist of events  the classic gunplay and  game mechanics   if one day youre wondering " hmm what should i play today " or " i dont have any games to play " pick this one up and enjoy the experince its a good short one
While this game may not be perfect, it's one of the better ones that's I've come across for such a low price. Despite the fact that Unity often gets written off when it comes to horror titles, it doesn't feel like this one was rushed together or cheaply made. The monster design is pretty well done, and it's nice to have a flash light that doesn't run out constantly. While the story isn't insanely orginal, it manages to carry the game well and give it a really haunting vibe. The only problem is that some of the translations aren't finished, and you won't be able to understand anything spoken yet. I hope the developer fixes this, but it's nothing that truly hinders the game. Really, I feel I'm getting my money's worth.
please how to fix it this game because the game its crush
Interesting and addicting business simulator. GoToIt is not trivial and has a lot of depth to it which is why it might need a bit more of walkthrough for the beginners. Really like the soundstrack too.
Fun game, great conceptual model and intuitive UI, lacks depth on many features and gets repetitive quickly. Needs to be developed more, but has good potential, I'm happy with the purchase.
Game is very addicting even if it has some optimization issues and lack of things to do sometimes...it's still very nice game. Keep it up devs!
Edit: The game has been improving and is constantly developed. The devs are really active in the discussions. ;)  This is a cool game, the concept is good, the visuals is almost perfect. That being said, it has some major issues. As of this moment after a game freeze I am unable to play (whitescreen). The developer is not very active in the steam discussions from what Ive seen. For that alone I would have to say: Dont get this game right now, wishlist it and definitelly get it in a couple months!  I will not ask for a refund and am confident hat this game breaking bugs will be fixed.
This DLC adds a TON of extra content and playability to the already-excellent base game.  I got about 80 hours worth, and I expect to come back to it after the next content patch.  Very enjoyable!
This is a cheap DLC with tons of content. Something that I love!  Between the Shara's story, the new calligrapher class and the Wanderer's journeys, you have here perfectly another 40 hours of play. In particular the Wanderer Journeys are a very interesting concept, I love playing with 'new' enemies. The calligrapher class is pretty fun, and there is still relics, runes of knowledge, new enemies, etc.  I saw some balance problems in Shara's story, but that said, the dev already updated it in the beta versio, so he took the feedback and acted pretty quickly.
ok why the fuck cant i play as shara
i have to admit one thing i was looking forward to in this dlc was the possibility of incharacter item descriptions from shara's perspective, but i understand why that wouldn't really be realistic considering exactly how HUGE that would be. however that experience has been one of my main draws in the main campaign, mirai's chatter about cheese and armor and what-have-you is so endearing!! anyway the dlc is wonderful wonderful wonderful, i love shara's playstyle - it feels faster overall, rewarding for when you're in a mood to barrel into the depths of tangledeep without fooling around in town (not that i don't love the town features a lot, it just has a different flow between the characters for sure). and the unique skills for shara are all so spooky!! she's such a weird spooky forest psychic! i love it and i love her
Greaaaaat!
It's good.
Tangledeep becomes even _more_ like Shiren the wanderer with the DLC. Since Shiren was great this is a Good Thing. ]
no hesitation at all, this is good stuff !
I really love the new Job Calligrapher, lots of fun. I enjoy water spells in RPGs so I was happy to see that here. I have only played the new game mode a little while to test it but it is fun and anything that adds replay value and something different is great in my book. I mainly bought this to support the dev because I feel his work is worth more, I'm waiting for the Switch version before I really sink some time into it.
Unique, balanced, good!
swag
it is kinda broken
What can I say, another brilliant, witty fun little RPG with laughs throughout and all for under £1, Excellent Value! Crankage Games, you my friend are a comedy genius! Bring on the 3rd Quiver dick game!
So, you're looking at this game, huh? Guess you're looking for a review, eh? Look no further!  I won't lie, the game is short. It has multiple endings. I likes it a lot! And I am not usually a fan of short games. Crankage really outdid themselves with this one. The humor is crude, the landscapes are beautiful and the dialogue is nothing short of fantastic!  (Not spoiling anything here) Finally, do yourself a favor if you pick this game up: Read the tombstones. You won't regret it!
FUNNIEST. GAME. EVERRRRR   :-)
Absolutely amazing game. Short, sweet, deeply and incredibly inappropriate... not to mention twisted... and genuinely vulgar at times. Heck, the three separate endings and easter egg(s?) alone make it worth more than such a piddly little amount. Thank you, Crankage, for blessing us all with your deeply, deeply messed up imagination.
This game is pretty funny and a great value for less than a dollar.
Cute storyline!
A super charming, witty visual novel/game! Would 10/10 read to my terrible child.
Another experience from the Quiver Dick world. Much like Chronicles, this features much of the same elements from that game, namely the funny story and references to rock and metal icons. If you have a spare hour and 30 minutes to kill, I highly recommend this. Plus, it costs less than a dollar, so grab a beer and enjoy.
Another great game full of laughs and enjoyment. Laughs 0.49Cents, Fun Times 0.25Cents, Great Story 0.25Cents. Great community priceless <3
Very funny game so far :)
This may well be my favorite Crankage Game out right now. I like it so you have to too.
Great follow up to the Chronicles of Quiver Dick and again seriously love the old school RPG vibes and this game is absolutely hilarious. Very crude humor but I love it and my community did as well when I streamed the game. It's crazy cheap and well worth the money, definitely looking forward to more!  Thumbs up for fun Indie games!
Pretty Good use of an hour. Atlast some adult humor instead of this sanitized Disney crap
I've written several reviews for this developer because I enjoy the content he puts out. This game is no exception. The sarcastic humor in this game is over the top. It's as if Monty Python and Andrew Dice Clay had some kind of weird love child that just happened to spawn itself into a video game. It is, without a doubt, one of the funniest games in the Crankage library. A must have for all you terrible parents, raising terrible children. Or even those terrible parents with good children. Heck...Even for those Good parents with terrible children.
I have only played this game a few hours ....but I immediately demanded a refund. OH not a refund from this game....but a refund for any other game I purchased all year.  THIS is the game you should all be playing. It was funny and very well done. An excellent Indie game full of charm, personality, and more dick jokes than you can shake a bag of dicks at. Why are you still reading this? Go buy this game now, uninstall Fortnite, and play Quiver Dick's
Quiver Dick's Terrible Tale runs a similar playtime to the first, and it's still a fun, quick game to bask in some serious rock nostalgia of those lost and those still rockin it out. Packed full of crude and crazy jokes, and in my opinion, a more streamlined design to fighting, the Terrible Tale is a must have. Don't hesitate to pick up this title for a good laugh and a great time.
I wasnt expecting a whole lot from this. but damn this was the best ive laughed in a long time.
This Game was a solid Sequel to the first game. i liked the characters, i loved the raunchy stuff, for a visual novel definitely would reccomend! I only wih we had gotten to know some of the characters more. im gonna rate this one a 9/11. The first game is still my favorite!
Another awesome game from Crankage Games. Great story and humour. Gameplay is great. Really worth the price.
funny as fuck!.. on to figure out all other other endings now =P
Absolutely hilarious game, loved it from beginning to end, cant wait to play the rest of the series, the man that created this game is a legend. So so so much fun from start to finish.
Firstly, let me profusely apologize for it taking me SO long to review this masterpiece. Secondly, if you haven't purchased this game and played it yet, WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH YOUR LIFE?! (I mean that question out of love, I swear...but what the hell are you doing with your life?!) The game was short and sweet, and by sweet, I mean in your face with the wonderful laughs. I had the absolute pleasure of streaming this game and I was in tears laughing the entire time. Crankage, you are, without a doubt, a genius and I cannot wait to play your other games. All the success to you and your team! <3
I was not sure what I getting myself into when I purchased the Crankage Games bundle. I was shocked and horrified that I went my entire life not playing these games! The humor and wit delivered in this game is unmatched. I was laughing the entire time. It was the most fun I have had playing a game in quite awhile! I love the old school look and feel of the Quiver DIck. I can't wait to play the other games by this amazing Dev!
When I first saw the preview for Quiver Dick's (hehehehh well played steam...) Terrible Tale For Terrible Parents to Read To Their Equally Terrible Children, I knew I needed to play it. This game has dark humour, hilarity, a thirsty fairy, awesome music and is dripping in both in-your-face smut and innuendos.  This game is so well put together with incredible art throughout and has the capability of three different possible endings. There are easter eggs as well as nods to music, film and video games throughout with the game clearly being self aware.  I love the main Easter Egg in the grave yard. The feels man.... <3  The humour in this game is so much like my own there were points whilst playing I couldn't breathe from laughing so hard. My stomach hurt, my face hurt, my eyes poured tears. I had to take time out to recover and was hit by the next sentence twice as hard so many times.   Don't play the game if you have a weak bladder.  My only form of negative feedback is, I wish it was longer. I found the game was over far too quickly, even with it's replayability.  I have so much love and positivity for this game and the other games developed by Crankage and I will continue to recommend it to family, friends, followers, subs, doms...  Well Done Crankage Games!!
Alot of times games become popular, and stay popular, because its the popular thing to do, regardless of the quality of the content. Then there are games that are pure gold, and go unnoticed because its not the game everyone else is playing. This was the first game I have played by CrankageGames, and I will 100% be playing every game he has made. If you are in the mood to laugh your ass off and experience good dialogue and story and chill/funny gameplay, then PLEASE check this guy out. Crankage is a diamond in the rough, do yourselves a favor and PLAY HIS GAMES. Comedy genius. Buckle up! You are in for a treat!
This game, is literally the most fun i have had playing a video game in years! i strongly reccomend giving this title as well as the rest of CRANKAGE GAMES titles a play through! you will not be disappointed!
By far the funniest of the collection cause i literally couldn't stop laughing time after time! best thing i've put time into in 2018 and highly suggest it.
This is one of the funniest games I have played. The others are the rest in the collection.
Surprisingly, while this normally isn't my style of games, I'll admit I enjoy this. Keep in mind, as well, that this game is definitely something for those 18 and older!  Pros: 1. If you find yourself wanting a good laugh, and enjoy crude/vulgar humour, I really suggest getting this. Currently, I love Emma and her morbid sense of humour... [spoiler]I'm curious as to what she did with that kidney though, haha[/spoiler] 2. It's an affordable little game to add to your collection and while it's relatively stylized to appear as an 8-bit format (I could be incorrect on this), the art of the characters is done rather well! 3. Most indie games I've played normally have rather poor grammar which, in turn, puts me off continuing the game but luckily, the grammar isn't lacking in this game. :) 4. You can tell the dev, CrankageGames, definitely put work into this and didn't just half-ass the game like some indie games have done. 5. I was surprised to find different endings, and even more surprised at the final ending I ended up with. It's definitely replayable and worth doing so! [spoiler]That nun is evil... >.> I'm just saying... xD[/spoiler]  Cons: 1. Sadly, however, I haven't gotten far due to encountering an issue. After our lil fairy friend Mary leaves her so-called friends, she obtains a treat from a new friend she makes. She ends up seeing a whole bunch of crazy things but sadly, when running into a dragon, I couldn't move afterwards. Luckily a save prompt popped up prior so I can just redo things. It's not game breaking, thankfully, but it could get rather annoying to some who want to see more.  **Edit**: I will leave this con more as a heads-up to players! So long as you don't run into the dragon, or possibly other bigger beings, you should be good to go. :3  Neutrals: 1. While I enjoy crude/vulgar humour, this may not be everyone's cup of tea, so to speak. The morbid mindset of little Emma or the wanna-be G Andrew do tend to have a terrible little mouth that some, especially in this day and age, could likely find offensive so keep that in mind when debating on this game.  Would I recommend this? You bet your sweet ass I would! Not only is it affordable, as well as outright hilarious, but you would be supporting an indie dev to make even more games in the long-run. :3  PS. CHECK THE GRAVE MARKERS! <3
It's a really funny game fitting my sense of humor, but, unfortunately, it's VERY short and linear. It also doesn't have any fighting system. You will definitely not spend more than one hour on this.  If you are looking for a short laughter during a Steam sale, this game is good for you. However, for RPG fans this is not a real video game. I hope the devs will make bigger games in the future so that you can be proud to have played a real RPG with a vulgar sense of humor.  EDIT: This is more like the spin-off of Metal as Phuk. I just found out that the "main series games" have much more content, about which I'm very glad.
OMFG , just when the first game rubbed you so well you didn't think you couldn't  handle more there's a second one. Just as fucking funny and there are some extra add ons that really made me happy just like the first if you arnt playing through the bundle you ... yes you! You are a loser 
Great and funny like the other Quiver Dick. Yet different as this is more of story game play through. Try it out!  def worth playing! Lots of cool musical cameos and laugh out loud or oh no  moments.
This is a game by Crankage Games. Maybe you already know it means stories with tons of dark humor, vulgar comedy, irreverent dialogue and laughter. Lots and lots of laughter.  This one in particular is the second story narrated by Quiver Dick (The Chronicles of Quiver Dick being the first one), and while the story itself has all the main traits we expect, there is no combat in this one, being more of a point & click adventure. I also liked that there were alternative endings in this one.  So all in all if you like cute adventures and shameless comedy I think you'll enjoy this game.
This is the first of the bundle of games by this developer that I played (PS- buy the bundle- 100% worth it) The ENTIRE playthrough had me in stitches.  There is hidden material in there, and I need to go through it at least twice more to be able to see all the content. GREAT STREAMING material- just narrate and entertain- your reactions to the "game" itself is entertainment on top of the material itself- which will have you in stitches (or offend you.. you know, if you're a snowflake-- which in the beginning he says it isn't for that type- which already had me in stitches before it even started started) Did I mention buy the bundle?  Awesome story- so many throwbacks and satire.  Just....  wow. <3
this game is hilarious and very well made. if you are into rpg maker titles this one is a real gem
This game  fits the perfect need for a shorter game that a person can play and enjoy. The humor and hilarious antics of Mary the Fairy made everyone's night. Highly recommend for anyone who enjoys innuendo and a good time. Well made and enjoyable from start to finish!
couldnt help but laugh at alot of the references, and some really cool little easter eggs, good job and keep it up !
[h1]Crass humor abounds in this sequel of the equally crass Quiver D*ck. If you have a sense of humor, you’ll be wheezing before the end.[/h1]  Ok. So...this game is just more of the same from the first Quiver D*ck game. If that isn’t your bag, then keep walking. However if you, like me, love crass humor done in a surprisingly well manner, then get this game.  Instead of QD retelling a story from his youth, you get a ‘fairy tale’ told to his insufferable grandchildren. You follow a fairy on her quest to...well...it doesn’t really matter WHAT she’s trying to do, does it? All you need to know is she managed to turn a cyclops into mashed potatoes.  Yeah. I’m serious.  Still, it’s not without its faults. The story is so-so once you remove the amazing humor, and it’s much shorter than the first game. At least, it [i]felt[/i] far shorter. Granted, this kind of game would probably wear out its welcome if it ran on for TOO long, as this type of humor can only carry it so far. Back to the story: It’s so-so as I said, but thankfully the characters themselves make up the slack.  +Crass, but hilarious humor +Snappy dialog between the characters +Art from DLC, but fits really well  =Feels too short =Story is so-so, and relies on the humor and characters to keep the player interested  -Difficult to breathe after some parts due to how much you’ll laugh  
Hoping for more quiver dick
Order of gameplay is Metal as phuk, chronicles then terrible tale. I played them in reverse order.  A lot of metal references, a lot of smut humour.  A short, bite-sized game that you can stream in one hit very easily. 3 endings.
Amazing,funny and keeps your attention. I love the humor..
Very Funny story, has more than one ending. I love it well worth the money. Highly recomend.
I seriously adore this developer!!  He deserves all the love and support!  As far as the game goes, it's is a shorter game, but worth the change that it costs!  Be warned though, it has some major adult themes, so this is very much not for children, maybe even not for teens.... But if you are a consenting adult and you find adult humor hilarious, than you will really enjoy this game!  Go!!  Buy it now!!!
[h1]Video (gameplay + commentary):[/h1] https://youtu.be/MuzrV3e26eU  [h1]Summary:[/h1] This game is great stuff! We love the idea of a humorously crude and clever game and this one nails it. Even funnier to see it crafted in RPG Maker with all the medieval elements. You definitely have to be okay with blue comedy though.  Like the last game in the series, this game also has a nice homage to the rock gods of our time.  Definitely check it out if you're into off-color humor and want a good laugh! Check out [url=https://store.steampowered.com/app/846880/The_Chronicles_of_Quiver_Dick/] the first game [/url] too!
A very very funny game. I have only completed two of the three routes but i am looking forward to what is next for the Quiver Dick's series.
Third game in the Quiver D!ck's epic saga, and it did NOT disappoint. I pray this developer keeps making games. The humor was lewd, crude, VERY adult, and very METAL. There is psychosis here and it's a beautiful thing!  This is the first in the series that actually made me not only laugh, but shed a tear: Part near the beginning, Graveyard scene. Do yourself a favor and look at ALL the graves. If you are a rock/metalhead in any respect, you will be treated to what is obviously a love letter from another metalhead to those they love, and it's awesome. All in all this game was just an amazing & hysterical trip start to finish. No actual battles in this one either, it plays more like a visual novel, but the battles aren't missed as it's stuffed full of the same awesome and gaudy humor and puns as the last 2 games. I binged the first 3 games in ONE afternoon/evening, They were just hard to put down. Forget waiting for a sale, buy the series bundle and ROCK! (it's not exactly expensive folks ;-) ) If I had any complaint, without the fights, this game does seem a bit short (less than 2 hours i my play), but for less than a price of a fast food lunch, Well worth it!
First of: the game title is the best thing I've ever seen on Steam. :D It was a funny, short story and I liked the fact that it had more than one ending. Kind of missed the fighting but it wouldn't have fitted the story I guess. I thought the secret in the beginning of the game at the graveyard was really nice. Characters are also great, especially the names. :D
Another good addition to the series made by Crankage Games, keep it coming guys, can never go wrong with the laughs I get out of your series!
[h1]Review[/h1]  To be honest i got this game only to have it in my library as a gag for friends. I started the game and didnt expect much and wasnt dissappointed.   [u]Gameplay[/u] If you have ever played a solely story driven RPG Maker game, you know what you get except even less. There arent any riddles to solve and the only once decision to make is at the end to get another ending.  It was annoying tough that the text was appearing way to slow on the screen and there is no way to speed it up or having a skip button.  [u]Graphics[/u] Basic RPG Maker tilesets. Potraits are chosen well, except that the main character is definetly from a different artist.  [u]Music[/u] Basically music that fits into any random light fantasy setting. I missed the main theme from the trailer tough.  [u]Story[/u] This why you are here for or what the main focus definetly was. Telling edgy jokes in a hilariously stupid story. The game is either full of "stupid" jokes or unexplainable randomness. Personally i didnt laugh at the jokes but liked the random stuff that was happening. I dont want to spoil much therefore i will explain a couple of things out of context to make it even more funnier. In one scene the main character a fairy tried to find a path while being on a mushroom trip and seeing things that arent there, on another scene you play metallica to a mushroom to make him sleep.  [u]Conclusion/TL;DR[/u] While i liked the random stuff that was happening  most of the jokes werent really funny, I liked my playtrough tough because it was a rather short experience where tons of things were happening and the game will probably memorable for a while for being silly. If there is ever a sequel that is longer the quality of the jokes should improve otherwise its a fun experience   6/10 Above average
Very funny (and very short), sort of JRPG that's sort of a sequel to The Chronicles of Quiver Dick.  Unlike the first game, it's all story based, so the little fights you do have, you do win automatically - you just move Mary The Fairy around and read the story.  It's certainly worth seeing all the endings...  And it's extremely cheap too...
bought the game for around .50 cents! was completely worth it.. highlarious!!! i just finished one ending and apparently there are 3 different ones so im headed back to continue the journey as i laughed the whole way through. definitely recommend to children of all ages... 100%
Have only 'played' for a short while, but so far, the LOL's have been thick and fast, and that's just reading the characters names:-) buy it, more than worth the dosh for the laughs if nothing else ( i'm a 55 yr old woman, guys will love this! )
I was going to write a review about the gameplay, which seems to be mostly walking around and scrolling text, but all I could do is copy the dev's pretty funny jokes. The gameplay is like 6/10, it's a lot of scrolling and unskippable text, but the jokes are very meta and funny.  I hope to someday be like Andrew, shitting my pants 8 times per day.  Game has some very nice references, I especially enjoyed the musician's grave.  Boobsie is a bitch, just FYI.
Funniest game I've played in a long time.
Hilarious little experience, completely lives up to the usual Crankage Games quality comedy. Make sure to interact with and click everything for all the easter eggs.
Funniest game ever, i loved it. I enjoyed this hour worth the  0.50 :)
Banger, 10/10. Crankage Games delivers another great little game at a great price. Quiver Dick is my spirit animal.
I loved playing this game! I've found two of the three endings and have been laughing and having fun the entire time. If you are looking for a mature and funny game tha'ts also short I highly recommend this one!!!!!!!
Another hit from Crankage Games. Only part way through it and I can't wait to finish it! and especially for the price, nice way to spend a few hours :D!!
This game was and entertaining and I highly recommend it. It's perfect if you are looking for a quick sit down and laugh type game. The alternate endings was a nice new touch. I can't wait for more!!!
it reminds me of old south park. offensive in the best way.
Loved it! Short and sweet, can't wait to see more from this developer!
Back at it again, Old Man Quiver brings another funny as hell story! Crankage Games knows whats up in the humor department, especially if dark, jacked up humor is your thing! Spent a great deal of my time fighting back tears of laughter playing this one! Can not wait to play through it a couple of more times!
It's funny, It's disgusting, and it's the work of a psychopath.  I love it.
Another gem! The hidden references are great Got my vitamin D We gotta know how he got his name soon :)
Great little adventure for the price! But don't get fooled - you REALLY shouldn't be telling this tale to your children. The game has some really humorous scenes, and I loved the fact that it has multiple endings!
Mary the Fairy has a dark side.... you've been warned. <3 QD series, Grandma Tracie is my fav  Took my awhile to figure out the alternate endings, I won't spoil it though!
[b] This review was updated to reflect the addition of the gallery feature.[/b]  Warning! If you are offended by nudity, then this game is not for you.  On the other hand, if you actually want to see nudity, then this game is for you. No adult patch required.  This isn’t strip poker, but it’s the same basic idea with a different card game instead of poker. Win a round against a woman and you get a reward picture of her with less clothing. There are eight pictures for each woman with the last three showing explicit boy/girl sex. The pictures look like oil paintings instead of anime. I thought that was a nice change of pace[strike], but I was disappointed that there is no gallery option. I think that if you get to the final picture for a woman, then you should unlock a gallery enabling you to just see all the pictures of her without having to play the game again.[/strike] This game now includes a gallery feature enabling you to see the pictures again without having to play the game again.  The actual card game is a combat duel where the goal of each round is to reduce your opponent’s health to zero while keeping your own health above zero. Other attributes to keep track of are attack, defense and mana. Interestingly enough, if you don’t have enough mana to play a card, then you won’t get dealt that card. I think the developer struck a good balance with the difficulty. You have to pay attention to the cards, but it is possible to win.   Final verdict. Get this game. It’s well worth the two bucks.
yea
Really fun(ny) game. If you like Glander’s work and/or like things that look bad/weird on purpose, go check it out.
It gave me a 'B' in ART SQOOL, and I feel like that's fair. It's weird, and it's fun in a very specific, but difficult to express, way.
Art Sqool is a game about drawing 50 different assignments that your professor, who happens to be a neural network, gives you over the course of the game. You wander around the campus and as you explore you find different colors and brushes to use to complete these assignments. You don’t have to find all the brushes and colors or even use them but if you don’t get the grease tool then YOU ARE MISSING OUT.   The whole game looks like an adult swim bumper and MS paint had a strange child which makes sense given Julian Glander (the creator’s) portfolio. The whole game looks like it was swallowed whole by Macintosh Plus and on that note, the game’s music does a great job of complimenting the vaporwave-like aesthetic with a soundtrack that goes from serene to ear piercing. The game’s got a hell of an atmosphere that I want to step into even though it’s surreal, it’s uncomfortable, and it’s A LOT to take in at times.    Art Sqool feels more like a fun, interactive art piece than a traditional video game and that’s kind of why I love it. It’s cool that video games be a medium for this kind of content and it’s wild to me that stuff like this can even be made. This game is a really good example of the weird, unconventional potential of an interactive medium and that’s why I think the game stands as its own piece and I just happen to be resonating with it.   I ended up playing a majority of the game with a drawing tablet because I thought it was fitting, and it was nice to sit with something in my hand and be given a guiding direction on what to draw. Even if the direction is paradoxical or a joke it was cool to have a pen in hand and make some bad art for a passing grade.   There were moments where I would blow through certain assignments but then there were others that I felt compelled to reflect on. Not because I thought the game would reward me in any way but because I genuinely wanted to. And it was nice. I don’t really know many games that do that and for that I think that Art Sqool is really special.   When you visit a gallery or a museum, each piece holds something new. Some will really impact you, others will completely bounce off you but every individual piece is going to tell you a story or set you off a new train of thought. What is this piece about? What’s it trying to convey? Do I like this? And right now, I just really like Art Sqool and for some reason I found the experience very comforting. Whether that’s because I experienced this game at a point in time where I feel like I can vibe with it or because I like drawing things with sunglasses on, I don’t know. I just know I enjoy it.  I don’t really know what else to say about this game, I wanted to share it and my thoughts on it. Art Sqool is cool. Video games are cool. And you should play Art Sqool because any video game that lets me draw a snake in sunglasses is pretty good.   
Very relaxing game about drawing stuff. Looks and sounds cool, in a kind of nightmarish-vaporchill way. Prefer it if there was a way to change the constantly moving field of static that is the skybox (the trailer has some much nicer looking stuff instead), as it's a right eye-strain inducer. I don;t know why, but I really like Froshmin.
I really enjoy this weird little acid trip. I'm not much of an artist but the prompts they give really help me explore my creative in a way I normally wouldn't have.   WARNING: The cut scenes feature a Vocaloid-esque singer and it's loud and ear splitting. When those parts come on, I suggest rushing to the volume knob and turn it the fuck down.
Pros: -amazing atmosphere -solid game mechanics -freedom to do whatever you want -easily lost with the art and setting  Cons: -music is bland (my opinion) -camera angles and not being able to control them -very confusing in bird's eye view camera -feels scripted when it comes down to grades.  Review: --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I have seen this game on Instagram back in 2017 and thought it looked amazing, It gave me a very vaporwave feel, which I absolutely love. I was so excited for the game to come out I actually searched it up every day until it was put on steam so Ican add it to my wishlist.  Once it came out I was not disappointed, the game gave me exactly what was advertised with a few minor faults. As I mention in the cons the camera angels for me is a huge problem. it's one of these game where you move the camera does too. There is no freedom to move it around besides having different camera playstyles like a birdseye view and first person, but even then it's a problem. Birdseye view is just way to confusing and first-person is just ok. The way you draw is fantastic, for people who don't have a drawing tablet (like myself) it's just like using paint which is something I'm sure people would have wanted anyway. The atmosphere is incredible as the first couple of hours I've played I easily got lost just exploring and looking at the monuments and statues. As you progress you start to find different colors and paint brushes scattered around the map which is also very fun. In Art Sqool your Art is graded as you hand it into a professor. However, it feels very scripted. like every 2nd and 3rd assignment I would hand was always a B. I could put one sticker on an assignment to "draw something beautiful" and get an A but work my butt off actually making something and get a C, I'm not sure if this was intentional but it doesn't feel at all like I'm doing anything. Whats from stopping me from making all my assignments lines? I'm sure out of 56 or so assignments 24 of them will be an A. My last problem with the game is the music. In my opinion, it is very bland and adds no type of enjoyment or immersion. I muted the game and played some future funk and vaporwave in the steam overlay and was immediately drawn in.   Is the game worth the Price? - (unless they plan to have updates for the game) No.  I do recommend this game to the high heavens, but do wait for it to be on sale. I understand the author put in a lot of work into this game seeing as it is his/her's first. They're most notable for making Cartoon network  and Adultswim ad's with their art. It's not easy going from advertising to making a video game I would imagine, however, $11.99 for ms paint and a few Mario 64 levels I believe isn't worth that price. $5.99 seems like a better way to go (unless they have updates for the game) 
Playing this game 1) with 0 expectations and 2) as an artist.   PROS: -I JUST LOVE the atmosphere of doodling horrible things within this bizarre landscape. The idea of being within a art piece making art is just awesome ok.  -It gave me insane cravings to draw in classic Kidpix. -this idea has soooo much potential and would be 3000% my thing if it was polished more  CONS - the walking around, the controls drive me insane. The environment also doesn't really offer much to do? - I really wish the act of submitting your art actually had more personality and humor. The game gets repetitive I understand why many people are giving bad reviews. Just needs way more polish on these aspects.  FINAL NOTE:  I kinda assumed this is a parody of how even if you draw well/put in effort, your art teacher might hate you and give you an F. No reasoning, no nuthin.  So this game is an accurate portrayal of the bizarre, frustrating experience that it art school. :)
The game is rad to simplify it.  Its visually pleasing in terms of color (mostly on the actual models in the map, the skybox was a teeny bit distracting for me, as in, i realised i was staring at the sky in the game for a minute.  Soundtrack is nice, although felt somewhat eerie and unfitting at times (a good example would be that one part of the game ambient track that sounds like static.) but for the most of it it fit well with the style of the game.  If i were to give some advice for the game it would be to: - Change the skybox (It could possibly trigger epilepsy for some.) - Add a thing at the start of the game telling the player the controls.  Overall would give the game 8/10
ART SQOOL is a really cute fantastic way to spend the afternoon. ART SQOOL gives you all the tools you need to be a truely great artist, provided you can find them first. Examples include: SQUIGGLE BRUSH, THICK BRUSH, RADICAL STAMPS, SHAPE TOOL. Never fear losing motivation, the beautiful campus of ART SQOOL provides you with surplus visual stimulation through its plethora of fine sculptures.  (Secret tip: You can use the num pad to tilt your camera)
a rlly mellow game for having weird feelings in don't get it if you're not willing to spend ten bucks on something odd and brief, but if you are, do
fun
Art Sqool is a weird wacky good time that delivered on all the high expectations I had for it. The exceptional art style really makes the game for me. A great way to escape real life art school lmao
Art Sqool is obscure, beautiful and weird in all the best ways. Strongly recommend picking this up and doing some art. I love the aesthetic, everything about this game is unique.   Seriously, in love <3  https://youtu.be/EnZyrSq_CQA
Art Sqool is such a relaxing game in all honesty! There’s no threat or rival or anything. You’re just a good boy trying to do well in college. The vaporwave aesthetic and music are both really nice, too, and i was pleasantly surprised to hear the song from the trailer in the game, too! I really recommend this one.
I bought the most expensive wacom drawing pad and I'm ready to learn the most I have ever learned. It's an exciting idea and I hope there will be more games where I can continue my artistic development. Thanks!
incredibly beautiful game
i like it
This game is A E S T H E T I C the game. Draw beauty, get graded, and enjoy the A R T S Q O O L  On a more serious note, I haven't played a lot of this game, and...it's very interesting. I haven't played a lot of this game, yet (Might update it later, but need my 'what is this' reaction first). The game plays a lot like one of those old-fashioned learning games, down to how the menu looks, to even a quick flash of a fake 90's box art, before the game proper starts  Before I get to gameplay, one thing I have to say is that the music is very..odd. Very beep and boop-y, with an 80's synth-wave for the main track (if that even makes sense). As for the main game, you go around and...draw things. You get an 'assignment', then Mr. QWERTY rates you.  This game isn't for everyone. It's definitely an 'out-there, artistic' kind of game, but it can be a fun experiment among friends. I rate this a Sopmer out of a Froshmin
i  found ART SQOOL via twitter and it looked cute so i decided to try it out and i do enjoy it so far it a nice looking game and the music is cute i absolutely adore how the different tools have different sound effect.  it really feel like a real art school cus by throwing me in the the thing with no explanation on what to do or whats going on.  The only thing that really sucks in this game is the wonky control you get used to it eventually but sometime you just forget that its super wonky and it pissed you off again.   overall i think its a cute game that you can spend your evening to.
it's ART SQOOL babie!  u play as froshmin, an ART SQOOL student! the prof asks u to draw things so u do :)  u can find new brushes!! new colours!! a sense of purpose?? maybe, but you can def do ART at a SQOOL!!!!!!!  okay but for real i'm a current visual arts student and i quite enjoy this game. it's absurd, surreal, and exactly what i wanted to distract me from "real" sqool. controls are a bit weird at first, but i got a hold of them within a few minutes (and they're re-bindable from the launch menu if you're having issues). but yeah! that's 🅐 🅡 🅣  🅢 🅠 🅞 🅞 🅛 babie!!!
so cool!! havin a nice time w my professor here at art sqool :)   tbh this game makes me feel like a real artist, truly amazing, the sky is static, I am in love.
Okay, I'd like to preface this review by saying that I love Julian Glander as an artist, but his game design leaves a little to be desired. Moving in this game is a chore and the art pad takes up entirely too much space on the screen without the ability to collapse it. The lack of camera control is a nightmare at times, especially when I try to land on another platform. I also keep getting spawned in the same places so I haven't been able to unlock some of the brushes and swatches. Not a huge deal, but I want to make art with more than 4 colors!   That being said, I recommend this game almost entirely based on its charm alone. It's a great little experience that is equal parts surreal and relaxing. For $10 bucks that directly support an awesome artist, you could do a lot worse. I look forward to finishing all the prompts and seeing what else the game has to offer!
Refreshing. Thirst quenching. Full of electrolytes. I got a B on my first try.
Art Sqool let me live out my fantasy of attending a prestigious program to train and enhance my creative abilities, while also pulling in the realism of missing my mom while away at university. this is a great game to zone out to and express yourself. Enjoy <3
I have to say, this is the funnest school has ever been. There were some features that didn't seem like they should have been features, but I'm glad they are  Also, when ART SQOOL OST coming out?
so far i have drawn a chair that i pushed over, sliced bread, and one of those wiggily tube guys mid-existential-crisis,  gonna have to give this game a 10  
i hadn't heard of this game until it popped up on the store and gave it a shot. for only $10, it's a really interesting and creative experience. finding the tools and colors can be a bit tedious but the landscapes are vibrant and beautiful and the controls, while wonky, allow you to jump quickly from place to place. i got stuck on a pole pretty early on but saving and quitting fixed it, that just comes with new games. drawing is satisfying and the prompts are amusing. the only thing i'm not big on is the rating system. it seems entirely random to me, there's no apparent corolation between the time spent on a drawing, the supplies used, or the following of the prompt on the score. i don't mind this so much, though, because it's still a really cool game. i'd reccomend it if you like games like 90 sec portrait or passpourtout, though ART SQOOL has less of a sense of progression or time limits.
ART SQOOL?  More like ART QOOL amIright?  (sorry)  I'm enjoying this game very much!
So I've played this game for about an hour now and honestly it's pretty enjoyable and I'll be playing more once I get home from work. I feel this game wouldn't be for someone who wants a totally serious game. There are a few objects and controls that are buggy but I feel some of them actually play into the game. The first few assignments I just goofed around with and didn't put too much thought into, but once I started to draw from things in "life" (other objects in the game) I started to get better grades. Now who knows if this is coincidence or not, but it did feel good to be going from D's and C's to A's and B's. Just like with real classes, if you follow the directions and work a little harder, you're sure to get better grades. As an artist, if I were to get an acceptance letter from Art Sqool, I'd happily attend.
i think art is for self-abandon and this game is definitely an (albeit absurd) conduit to that place. love it!
EVERYONE WATCH OUT GOTY 2019 COMING THROUGH. PLEASE play this game for only a little above ten bucks you get a dank art experince. If you want a fun way to try some different art or even just like doodling and vapor wave, play this game.
This Game is Astoundingly Beautiful Game.. with Craziest Levels and awesome boss fights!! I really loved this Game... and I think this will be going to popular soon!! Artwork is Basic and that's why it is fitting in the Game Mood. This Game made me play for lots of hours, it provides a lot of enriched experience, That I was searching for... You should also make a DLC for this Game... or Bonus Edition or Version. and I will surely buy it :-),  At last I am going to say good work and keep it up!
yes
This or Fortnite battlepass? I don't think it's so hard choice.
its fun
Cool pack. If there would be a monthly mammoth coins pack I would purchase because the collectors pack is way to expensive to purchase.
What a fucking steal
Worthy, a 3/4% off for 300 mammoth coins
ez
Very nice prob gonna buy the 2019 one its very worth it if u like the game
Would recomend, best possible buy in this game in my opinion.
Very cute sidekick.
comes w/ sidekick(which is very cute owo) 300 mamoth coins(which you can buy a cute scarlet owo) and a shitty profile thing
Where is my sidekick?
boosts your skills to punish spammers instantly
its 300 mmc its fair
oтличная игра в кoтoрoй мoжнo прoвести  мнoгo свoбoднoгo времени.
Worth in my opinion.
100% worth it. A very nice to get the most out of your money. Would recommend.
Pretty good! Very budget imo!
plz dont spend this mammoth coins for rayman :D
it's really a must have for BCX Fans since this is the only time you'll can get this.
Ok, so this game surprised me when I first got it. I thought it would just be Fernbus Coach Sim but on Fuerteventura but it is a completely different game than FCS. I was impressed with the managing your tourist company part which goes in depth in a great state. Also I like how the passengers actually walk into the bus unlike it's predecessor. The Lion's Coach is a great but regarding the best DLC bus, I would go for the VDL Futura FHD2 and the Neoplan Skyliner. Great buses and also great rain physics. 7/10
I owned this game in its very early stages. I very much liked the game but it ran unbelievably poorly on my PC, which I am almost certain was cos it was very new. I got it refunded but I intend to buy it again when I can as it showed great promise when I previously owned it.
for a simulator game lover this is a good game and the graphics are also good and gameplay overall is a 7/10 for me.
i like this game a lot, my only issues are as follow 1. the game has the same AI problem as Fernbus simulator, the AI just stop/start driving randomly, sometimes they act like im not even there and they crash into me. 2. the roads are too small, imagine how difficult it would be to drive a Neoplan Skyliner when driving the Mans Lion is already hard( in the small cities that have sharp corners and small spaces to turn+ the AI problem that i have already mentioned= accident). 3. you guys need to consider adding manual transmission to the game but it should not be forced onto players. 4. im still wondering why this game isnt multiplayer( imagine me and my friends starting this huge bus franchise and driving around the map together, would be so much fun) 5. the driving mechanics of the car that you receive when you first start the game is very bad, that needs to be fixed.
Good game. I like the idea and it has very good frames. There are a few things I have to complain about. Firstly, the tutorial is way too long. It takes me 1 hr and 30 mins to complete and there is no way to turn it off. I had to restart my game save due to the tutorial just making me buy things. Secondly, Half of the roads are impossible to take a coach on yet alone a Skyliner!!! I would always hit the sides and other cars which brings me onto my next complaint. The routes are very challenging. For example, the roads are winding, very thin, and FULL OF ANNOYING AI!!!!! Thirdly, AI. The AI appears to not care that you are there. They will always turn up when you do not want them too and seem to love crashing into you and putting a massive dent in your finances. But apart from all that, its a good game. Good idea and £40 for the game and Skyliner well spent. I would recommend it if you want a challenge and like driving very long distances just to fix one thing on your coach.
Its a greet game pretty simple but i wish it was based in California or Florida
One of the best sim games i've played in a while. The graphics and textures are all very very good and the physics are great for both car and bus. better than omsi and bus sim 18 in my opinion but does not have city busses like those games, just coaches.
Love the game its challenge driving buses on narrow roads better than driving motorway and testing your skills to limit.   It is absolutely possible to do without single crash if you know how to navigate your coach take the right line.  AI have tendency to do odd things at times but use indicators allow them to sort themselves if worst the game has backspace to clear traffic if you hit traffic jam not moving.  The management side is really good my advice the more buses in fleet more backups you likely need.  Make sure old buses get sold replaced as the percentage they repair to gets lower the less the value of the coach.  If you want to challenge your driving skills to limit this game for you if do not then fernbus more ideal driving challenge.
Edit: I have decided to change my recommendation on this game after putting quite a bit more time in it. There is a lot of  play time in this game, it was well thought out and if you have a machine that will run it the game is fun to play.   I have put about 24 hours in this game and I feel like the Dev's of the game should be ashamed of themselves, there selling a small island with small roads and packaging it with ONLY 2 LARGE buses, RECYCLED from another title of there's for 29.99usd. This is a 9.99usd at most as is. Otherwise it is a descent  management game with okay graphics if you have a gaming machine that can handle it. Had the Dev's included a few more SMALLER, non recycled buses, tried to optimize the map a little better and fix the floating objects, then I could maybe recommend the game.
its not bad.
i love it but a few ouars it wont work and it wont
So far, it is everything I loved about Fernbus Simulator (including the cheesiness) without the annoying things like checking passenger tickets, with a lot more gameplay options. The steering is pretty floaty on a game controller, but I've gotten used to it already. I love the changes - it's more of an open world game and not just a bus driving game. I've not spent a ton of time in it yet, but so far I am happy with it. If you didn't love Ferbus Simulator, this one probably won't change your mind either, but I am a huge fan already and I'm loving this one.
hope got more bus vehicle for DLC and map :))
good game
Edit: After a few more hours, I enjoy this game really, but I have real problems with AI, cars blocking your way out of stupidity. cars forcing you having accidents. etc This takes a lot of fun, and make curse this while you try to reach target with no crashes, until this is fixed, don’t buy this game. ------------------------ Well, It’s a bit early to review, but this is my first bus simulator experience, I found this game interesting and fun short review: its not ets2. Long review: I setup my g920 in like 2 min, everything was smooth and straight forward , the graphic is somewhat good, not amazing ofc, the SUV physics sucks actually and didn’t enjoy driving it at all, the bus physics on the other hand is amazing and felt real to me. The AI sucks, when passengers boarding, when passengers leaving, its all need work, also, AI cars do a lot of stupid things, and will not interact with turning signals. The sounds need a lot of improvements also, its felt primitive and rushed, also crash sounds totally inaccurate! Gameplay, this is where this game shine, everything organized, simple yet feels right, I like all the non-driving aspects of the game, and yet a lot for me to discover. All in all and giving its will yet receive fixes & updates I believe this worth the money for every bus simulator out there.
I'm going to keep this very simple, i am a senior and have been gaming since computers came out. I know a good game from a bad one. I've got 238 hours on this game and it is awesome. Most of the negative reviews i read i found them not to be true.
I played this game with: - Logitech G29 Steering Wheel - i7 8700 - 16 GB RAM - SSD - GTX 1050 Ti ---------------------- Similar games that I own: - Fernbus  - OMSI 2 - Euro Truck Simulator 2 - American Truck Simulator  - Scania Truck Simulator --------------------- OVERALL OF THE GAME  This is practically or could be called a standalone expansion of Fernbus instead of a new game. Same buses exported to a new map with a new feature of company management.    THE GRAPHIC  With my PC spec mentioned above, this game runs 35-40 FPS at 100% scale with everything on Epic. But only 25-35 FPS at 200% scale with everything on Epic except the shadow. You need a monster PC to run the game at 400% scale to get the stunning graphic quality seen in the promotional videos. Otherwise 200% scale still looks a lot worse than ETS2. So if your PC spec is lower than mine, expect it to be horrible.   THE AI  It appeared to me that they don't know the "right of way" at all when it comes to intersections and roundabouts. They just assess your heading direction. They will stop if they think that you are turning even they have the right of way, and that is a problem because they block the space you need to make the turn (long bus). To prevent this, don't use the turning signal when you are at an intersection or roundabout, your turning signal will make them stop for you (more often than not, even when they should have the right of way) and block your space.   OTHER ASPECTS  Other things that I don't mention in here, they are either OK or can be overlooked.   CONCLUSION  Apart from the graphic and AI issues (if you can live with that), it's an enjoyable driving game for bus lovers and bus driver "wanna-be". Afterall it's the best bus driving game out there, although it's far from being perfect. So, you don't have many choices when it comes to bus driving games. You will eventaully buy it, if not now.          
Highly recommended! This has quickly become one of my favorite simulators.  I've been playing different simulators for many years - American and European Truck SImulator, Train Simulator 2016-2019, Train Sim World, Bus Simulator 2018, and many others. This one rates up there with the best of them.  This game has very good graphics (built on the Unreal engine 4) and has a very active support team at TML Studios. The controls are intuitive and the interface supports many different driving wheels (I use the SimRaceway SRW-S1), Track IR, and FFB for feedback enabled devices.    The traffic AI is one of the best I've come across outside of American/European Truck Sim.  The people are a bit crudely rendered and "disappear" when no longer part of the scenario (for example after leaving the bus) -- but that may change as more development is done on the game.  Virtually the entire island of Fuerteventura (one of the Canary Islands off the west coast of Africa) can be explored - by foot, car, bus, or even a dune buggy (once you assemble the parts).  I really like that I feel at "home" on the island and "want" to explore it (not that I "have to" explore it (In other words - the grind)). It is lots of fun and there is always something new to see or discover on every bus trip.  There is a lot more to this game than just driving a bus -- you start off with an office, a car, and the ability to take out a loan. From there, you build up your bus empire. You buy/sell busses, hire/fire drivers, mechanics and guides, aquire spare parts for the busses and ammenities for the passengers, and make/break contracts. You have complete control over the scheduling of all the trips and scheduling the vehicles for maintenance. Not only that, but you even get a personal apartment that you can furnish (once you find the hardware store, furniture store and other things you need). As your company grows you can get a better place to live and aquire lots of other amenities.  Loads of fun!  This same group makes Fernbus Simulator - which I plan to try out next.
[b]>>> GTA @ Fuerteventura ! ^^[/b]  *** what I`m missing most is a general manager which manages my employees & the repair schedule of the buses !! ***  + stunning lil copy of this isle & wonderful "flair" of holiday search for containers (+solve some puzzles) to open them for money+skill points (optional) search parts for a dune buggy (optional) walk-in caves & mines, garages, car washes, gas stations, supermarkets realistic steering of a bus (it`s a bus - not a racecar !) cool sound mix of 80s/90s pastel colours (reminds me @ little big adventure 2 / gta vice city)  - stupid AI traffic (can be adjust in % -> 20% or so seem to be OK) well, I don`t like to manage EVERY single day all the busses (repairs !) >> If you forget, it is possible to lose a contract because your driver can not drive with an overly defective bus; if you drive yourself, it works the buggy is a joke - buggys are built to climb hills I presume ?!!?
This can be the best coach simulator in the market. This can also be the worst.  - BAD driving physics of the car The first 2-3 hours of tutorial is compulsory, and you are forced to drive an SUV a few times. It accelerates too slowly, brakes too fast and tilts in a weird way. This driving experience alone will disappoint a lot of people.  - Long tutorial The tutorial is too long. If you start the game expecting to explore the island or have a long bus ride, you will be disappointed either by the bad driving physics of your car or the short bus route that you have to drive back and forth.   I can see why there are so many negative reviews.  But this game is great after the tutorial.  + GOOD bus driving physics Driving the bus feels great. I didn't expect TML to have accomplished this. The best part is that, you have the ability to fast travel after the tutorial. That means no more car driving.  + Excellent company management system Managing your own company here feels different. It gives you more purposes to drive. It's not just about numbers. Driving somewhere on time doesn't mean more money. It means you will not be late for the shuttle service that follows.   + Excellent map scale The island is not big but it's big enough for an enjoyable ride. Driving your bus at 70 km/h works best. You get to enjoy the views and have a journey long enough to call yourself a coach driver.  Other great things: + It rains + AI cars are not stupid. They sometimes give way. + Works great with STEAM controller  TML disappointed me a lot of times in the past. Tourist Bus Simulator disappointed me within the first two hours. But everything else about this game deserves praise.
Bought this game thinking it would be one more poorly made bus simulator, as almost all the others in the market, but was pleasantly shown otherwise.  The game has nice graphics, and driving feels very good, the bus is big it takes up all road and it isn't easy to drive around.   Looking forward to play much more.
After spending a whole weekend playing it, I will say as a coach management simulator it seems to be pretty good however as a driving simulator it seems to lack somewhat.  Firstly there is the Land Rover lookalike you use to travel the map when you aren't using your coach... it's driving dynamics are very poor, let go of the accelerator and the car almost stops, meaning I spend most of the time with my foot slightly on the accelerator to get it to cruise properly, or chuck it in neutral if I'm coasting. The gearbox just causes too much drag and alot of time takes too long to change gear causing it to lose speed, if you can't do a SUV gearbox right, just do without it and make it a single geared electric drivetrain. God it's frustrating to drive.  I spent most of the weekend going round the map exploring with this Land Rover lookalike and was pretty much going to discount it as a not recommened based on that but I found everything I needed to find and decided to take my bus in for a service and did a night trip, this night trip completely changed my mind, driving the coach around tight bends, jumping over hills (poor bus) and taking corners at speed was so much fun, the lighting effects at night were awesome. Again the gearbox was lacking, it never would kickdown when I wanted it to but during that trip it didn't bother me. (I'd use the manual mode if I could figure out how it works... I mean I can engage it but not change gears while it's moving)  During the whole weekend the game was running most of the time, only being shutdown overnight and during those two days the game locked my machine up once on the first day. I do not know whether this was a hardware lockup or a memory leak causing my machine to stop functioning as I couldn't get task manager to open, just sat with the hourglass. (16GB of RAM in my system) So I'd say it's fairly reliable but I recommend you save it fairly regularly as when it locked up I lost a chunk of progress as if it autosaves it only does when you quick travel or change day and not after a duration.  The containers can be very cryptic and complicated to solve, in some cases requiring you to think out of the box or spending hours looking for the clue. I will admit I had to look a few up and some I found the clues and had no idea how they came to the code that was listed with that clue, I wouldn't mind a better hint after a period of time if I'm struggling as I would have liked to solve some of them myself however I suspect this is deliberate as they are expecting the community to solve the containers and not the player itself, to that I say... no fun.  The scenery quality is pretty good considering most of the time you are just going to be driving through it, although you will see a handful of lorem lipsum here and there.  Overall it gets a weak recommendation, I would recommend working on the driving dynamics of the Land Rover so it does excessively slow down when throttle input isn't applied. Bus isn't too bad to drive but I'd like it to kickdown and not completely skip gears when I have my foot to the floor. I can understand catering to keyboard players though so maybe a kickdown option in settings.
29.99  BUS         SIM   TOURIST
There is an impressive amount of detail and clutter in the scenery, and the game has excellent gameplay features and pacing, with a good tutorial. The game has clearly benefitted from the work done in Fernbus.  After a little effort getting the controls to work, I have the game looking and performing well. I can see why people would get frustrated with this, I was on the verge of returning it, but after sticking it through it is turning out to be a keeper. It is actually possibly to play with keyboard and mouse perfectly fine once you have the controls set, but I prefer G27/pedals/trackir. The blurriness is easily fixed (there is a guide in the workshop), and the FPS can be improved with a few adjustments to suit your PC.  The game has everything I wanted Euro Truck Simulator to have. I'm really interested to see what other destinations are available in the future.  This gets a recommendation from me! There is not a lot to suggested to improve it, it is one of those games that has enough to keep you playing in a childlike manner without questioning it.  The main negatives (which I can live with) are FPS could be slightly better, the graphics engine could be slightly prettier - it's not bad but there is something about it ... , and the vehicle momentum physics and sounds could be slightly grittier (e.g. a little more like OMSI or ETS).  EDIT: March/2019 - the performance appears to have improved significantly, no more FPS issues & I do not have any blurriness. I continue to be impressed by the depth of simulation. The remaining niggles are some of the symbols in the route screens are not explained, but once you get to know them its fine.
When i play with mouse steering the brake automatically turns on.Otherwise the game is superb
very good game, i like the way it operates.  driving could be a bit more responsive and diving the range rover does feel very slippery! slightly irritating how you have to do long drives just to unlock places... and a lot of the towns look the same, so slightly boring there! the route that the satnav takes you to the bus depot at the airport is messed up... tried to take you through the car park and up and around... please fix! would be nice to have a display in the cab of how much fuel is on the coach, i havent yet found it after 10 hours of gameplay!  also, i once tried insurance to cover losses after the employee goes sick... which is almost once an hour! blimey! and suddenly i was €700 million in dept, defo a glitch there!   other than that, very nice game... although with a lack of interesting things to see on the routes, it is getting a bit boring after a while.
Ok, as with TML Fernbus release I was looking forward to this release, but unlike Fernbus I have to say it is not a bad game to be fair,  you can now micro manage a fleet of coaches instead of just trundling up and down an Autobahn , there are some bugs yes, but nothing gamebreaking for me, the only complaints i have are yet again the omission of one of the most important indicators of any machine, you need a dashboard, to read fuel levels, speed, rpm and temps to name just a few, what you as the driver have here is a blurred mess that is not readable for anything, did they learn nothing from Ferbus, also like fernbus it still has a small circle around your coach , anything within that circle is rendered fine, but anything outside is blurred again (same with the Farming Sim from Giants) , it really shouts at you as when nearing a signpost it does not render until you are on top of it, So yes its a good game , but the amount of copypaste from 3 years ago means that IMHO this should have been a DLC for Fenrbus rather than a stand alone game .  Pro Good management  Excellent graphics for close view  Cons Circle of enlightenment far to small for rendering signs etc Dashboard of coach is a joke (look at ETS 2 EAA bus map mod covering the whole of Brazil for what is possible)
Honestly a great game, it goes above and beyond just a regular driving sim.  Would love to see more like this one.
I very much enjoy this game, and haven't had any major issues. The game offers a lot of content and is well worth it's price.
well.. so far so good only issue im having with this game is the dropping frames like wtf i have MSI GTX 970 should run the game perfectly but beside that game is great cant wait for many updates comme to this game
I recommend this game! This game is an funny game and a big map, Only you need better specs than the recommend specs! I would recommend to use an steering wheel controller is suck with driving, So you a nice game for me!
This game is much better then fernbus simulator, having the ability to drive, free roam, manage a company, hire staff such as drivers,mechanics and guides  is great, also having such features as organizing contracts, ordering parts for matainance and organising such crucial items as business and vehicle insurance, wifi data really gets you into a reality situation, performance and graphics in my opinion are quite good just the only thing at the moment that the game is lacking are buses,bus types and cars to drive, hopefully they bring more into the game eventually.
Not sure what all the negative comments are about. The graphics are good, 35-50 fps. On epic. Love the management side. Much better than Fernbus which became boring. This sim requires fairly high spec pc and best with a steering wheel  for realistic driving experience.
I just want to start by saying that I respect the views of other reviewers, however I notice that a large amount of the negative reviews on this game are from people who did not play long enough to even complete the tutorial. That said:  TBS is so far a very enjoyable, satisfying bus simulator. Pros: Enjoyable business aspect Good bus handling model Beautiful graphics Lots of places to drive around Great lighting engine Wheel and TrackIR support Great sounds  Cons: Still a few bugs to iron out (Navigation on one or two routes/ AI needs a bit of work) Very little passenger interaction (no checking names like in Fernbus) Car handling is appauling, but it is a bus sim (luckily you only have to use the car twice for short amounts of time) No proper controller setup wizard (the control assignment needs serious work, but is managable)  Overall, I would give TBS an 8/10.  Well worth the £27.00, and not deserving of the host of bad reviews that it currently has. There are still a few bugs, however I have not come across any serious ones, and these will be sorted in time. I look forward to what this game could become. I hope that there will be plenty of DLC, especially for other islands, such as Gran Canaria, or maybe even Madeira!
To the developers:  Please do something with the AI!!!! It is one of the worst AI experiences i have ever had, they keep plowing right into the bus and if you for instance stop in a corner due to an AI in the other lane, it will 50% of the time not stop and just ram you. There are so many other wierd stuff they do, i am sure many people already told you this, so i wont go to in depth. Please just fix it, it ruins a really good game. TBH i have ragequit a few times due to this issue.  Review:  I was really unsure to buy this or not, due to all the negative review from here, yet many streamers seemed to like it and i could see why this game could be good.  I took the chance and bought the game, ended up playing for 10 hours in a row xD This game is so much better than Fernbus and can only be compared on the busses. The map is awesome, love the steep and bendy roads! Still haven't been everywhere, far from. In the future more of the Canary Islands would be great.  The gameplay is great, i like how the management aspect works. I have looked forward to a driving sim game with actual in depth gameplay, like this actually offers. I REALLY hope they will stick more to this game than Fernbus, updating same graphics features, management features, tours and busses.  One wish to the developers, PLEASE update the AI!!! It gets stuck in gridlock jams, pull out from roads where they should stop. They just seem really dumb. That's my only big complain, i hope and expect to see this fixed in the future.  I will recommend this game, i had so much fun already and i am sure it's only the beginning :)
*Nice Visuals*  *Good economy system*  *Limitless Possibilities*  few glitches here and there but its acceptable since many indie studios are struggling with unreal engine.  
They released an unfinished game.  This game has a lot of potential. The design of the game is 10/10, but optimatzion is bad, and has to get improved.  The roads are too narrow and small, but realistic, because it is an island, but it is almost impossible to make a turn, well at least for me. I like the handling, but could get improvments..  Should you buy it?  They are getting there, but is it worth the wait? Ask yourself that question. If it is not, then dont buy it, if it is... buy it
I think people should stop Moaning about htis Game the Developers have put alot of hard work into this Awseome Game  the is 10/10 for Graphics and bus Plus the Physics in this Game are far Better than Euro truck Simulator 2 and this Game will improve once the update comes give it time the People who are moaning about the Game have probley not even played more thn 30 minutes because there worried about there Money etc but once dlc comes out in 2019. the Radio Station in this Game is real from spain they awseome music on radio, i recommend this game 100 percent my Freinds haveBought the game and they like it enjoy
needs more vehicles BUT! its a good game.... love the idea and cant wait too see where this is going 8/10  
Very good game.
Really good game. Nice graphics. A must have for simulator People. 9:10 rating.
fantastic game idea love it brilliant fantastic radio station in game while driving love it 5 stars
I have bought this game having watched it being played on Youtube. Just started it to see if I could use my Xbox controller  having seen a comment that you can't use it well you can. Will write another comment when I have played for a few hours
This is absolutely one of my favourite games. Graphics: 8,5/10. I really recommend this game
I had denied this game in the beginning because it was giving error. Now that I have managed to play I reevaluated my opinion. The idea of the game itself is very good, with good driving and a beautiful scenery, but the problem is that the game is extremely poorly optimized and requires a very powerful PC to play with a good FPS.
This game is amazing, Love the graphics, Has so much stuff to do on the daily. But if you dont have a wheel. This is not for you. I just wish this game had a better controller support, somthing like Euro Truck Simulator or American Truck Simulator. If this game gets that, I will buy it again. But untill I plan to get a wheel, I have refunded this game.... Unless anyone in singapore can give me a free G27 or a G29 :p
Intresting game, love the economy side of it, large map and would say graphics 8.5/10, realy like the bus, would have prefered another model but guess they will come in time like fernbus.  enjoying it and sure there be hours of game time.
Really enjoying this game, i had no issues with my G27 or Track Hat ....the visuals are much the same as fernbus the handling is the same while driving . i like all the little features like buying homes and upgrades etc .....all in all its a good first effort for a new release despite the usual  moaning crowd who's computers cant run a new game for shit :)
From first opening the game, i do think it's a really good game.   Graphics - 9/10 Map quality - 9/10 - Quite detailed, but map is fairly small at the moment. Controls - Same as Fernbus Gameplay - You are in charge of your own company and there is a totorial at the start that explains the basics of the game. The AI - 2/10 - The AI acts stupid sometimes, I imagine it should get sorted out in an update.  Overall, this game is worth getting if you liked Fernbus and like bus simulators.
the peoplemover style track ride is already worth the money on its own, combined with the other ride types shop brands and scenery, it is definitely worth the money, especially if you get it with the deluxe bundle.
It is a great DLC, but the Polarity, when you want to make a very complex layout, there is no way to auto connect all the gaps left when you are finishing it.   Frontier, make an option/key binding that allows people to select two unconnected pieces of track and auto connect just those pieces, regardless of where in the ride it is, even if it is in the middle or two random pieces out in the open, so the rest of the ride can get connected.
I just got this pack for the food shops and rides. Which are really nice!
tbh i love this pack yes some of the themes could use a few pieces more but whats there is fun to work with 
New people mover transport ride is great!  So are the new coasters. New shops, new signs, fences... loads of new items. Lots of amazing parks created using this pack on the workshop.  Very happy with World's Fair!
Some pretty cool building sets, not sure if worth the $15au but I enjoyed the pack
This Pack let me can create more building by the increased pieces. Love it.
I love this Pack!!!!!!!!!!! Well Done king coaster or planet coaster 
This DLC is an excellent addition. It includes a very useful transport system which is similar to Disney's People Mover. If you're into designing your own parks then the world themes; building and scenery pieces are very good. They add a lot of new content and the quality is very good. There has been some criticism of the lack of roofs in some of the themes; but the basic roofs, tiles, thatch etc already exist in the game. So if you are a park designer this DLC is well worth it.  Planet Coaster is only limited by your own imagination.
amazing 
LOVE IT!   Planet Coaster is one of the games I own where I don't begrudge buying the DLC, 1st and foremost because it adds more to an already excellent and addictive game. ( A worthy successor to RCT3 ) and 2nd because it supports the Devs and keeps the game alive!.
Thank you Frontier for more content!! <3
The pack comes with 10 (!) new food shops (10 new brands), two motorbike coasters, where the track can also spawn other ingame coasters and the amazing (!) Polarity transport ride. Beside that you get a great variety of scenery and building pieces. Especially the American and Chinese set stick out, but also a few parts from others (British telephone box!) are absolute top notch! Also the new world-music tracks, which come with it, are so beautiful!   My personal highlight is the "Polarity" transport ride. This ride is worth the price alone - it's in my opinion the most beautiful ride yet seen in Planco. It features new track sections never seen before (t-junctions, double track, etc.), fantastic modeled tracksupports and covers, as well as perfect animated doors, and with it's generic look and design of the coaches it's extremely versatile to use, as it's offering so many possibilities. You can use it as people mover, park and ride transport, sightseeing tour or in / out door ride, even as darkride... Simply amazing, so well done!!! Thank you very much Frontier!
adds a nice amount of content for a small amount of $.   
Well let's be honest...  Even though I expect more content (uhm, Frontier, if you are reading this, we want RIDES, not necessary scenery, especially with TMT coming out soon ;) ), this pack is versatile and is essential to some players, including myself. Especially for new players, this will come in handy to get started on one type of architecture. In the end, I mostly create walls and structures likeroofs myself, but at least we got some guidelines now too.  I really want to see more focus on rides in the next DLC though, because we won't be needing scenery that much anymore, since there is already a huge variety of scenery pieces in the game now (I mean we got haunted, vintage, adventurish and now 10 other world styles). More specifically, I want to see some (many) new flats, and a couple NECESSARY rollercoasters such as an Intamin Blitz/Mack (even better -> Same train/track for basically any mack coaster) and some old school Schwarzkopf.   Matt
It's good it's addes a Transport ride that has no diver I wanted that a lot anyways get it don't fell for others that don't recommended this dlc it's great
wow
I love this DLC! The simple addition of having 10 new food vendors is basically worth purchasing (although priced at $16CAD is quiet steep). The new scenery and wall pieces are great and can be mixed well with existing pieces. I would have love to seen maybe 3 or 4 new drink vendors to go along with the food ones as the food/drink brand ratio is super unbalanced now. All of what they offered plus new drink vendors (and maybe a flat ride!) would have been worth 16$ but overall I love it.
Cons; Not that much content for 11 dollars. Could have included 2 or 3 new flat rides and maybe 1 other new coaster.  Pros; DLC gives me Peoplemover and Tron coaster. I can finally build the Tomorrowland of my dreams! YAY!
A DLC more focusing on building/ scenery themes than rides. That's ok, though. The variety of ten new brands, new building sets (although of varying size) altogether with BEAUTIFUL new music tracks and sound effects along with some nice blueprints really elevate the game for me now.   And with over 300 pieces this is some great addition to the game. Definitely worth the ~tenner.  It's now much easier to get some small themed areas going that lean heavily on real-life parks: an asian area, an american area, an arabian, spanish, italian area and so on. All the brands and themes go extremely well together with old stuff (vintage or main street stuff).  I think they hit a sweet spot in terms of piece design/ size/ scale. I know there are some heavy users out there and some great YouTubers that probably prefer having every little decor hacked up as a little single piece to get more use out of it. But mediocre gamers like me with little time and less creativity (but passion ;) ) like to have some things put together as one piece to immediately get a sense of the theme (wall + heavy wall decor as one themed piece f.ex.). And i think they hit a sweet spot here. There are so many well done scenery/ building pieces that encompass what would otherwise have been 15-20 pieces in one (also GREAT for CPU load).  The People Mover (Polarity) ride is also very well executed and complex to build. Really like it.  All in all well done. Really emphasizes the classic "Theme Park" feel.
Frontier have been excellent at following up the base game with worthwhile free updates and DLCS that have really improved and extended the game's potential.  This may not be the best DLC they've released so far but then the previous DLCs have been so great, it's not really fair to say it's not valuable just because it's not as good as those were.  Another worthwhile additon to the game if you have the cash.
amazing best pack by far :)
Let's make this as simple as possible..... This DLC has drastically less content than we have come to expect from Frontier by now.... That being said, if we set that to the side for a minute, the stuff that is in here will be absolutely essential to some players. As per usual, the contents of this DLC are high-quality and versatile. For people looking to build a distinctively themed area, please note that both the Spanish and Mexican themed sets can be combined with the existing Mexican set, and the UK/French/Italian sets are useful when combined with exisitng castle/stucco sets too.  I will be recommending this, but with a STRONG caviot, being that it IS a quality pack, and it DOES have essential pieces. Unfortunately, i feel I can't endorse this pack, as the value proposition is very negatively skewed, based on previous DLC releases.
Lots of new material to play around with and a great new transport addition!
Nice very nice
At first I was reluctant to buy this DLC because I thought the price was a little too much for just one bus (About 11 Euro in my country at that time). But I desperately needed a short bus to survive the crazy S curves of this game. So I had to buy it because it's impossible for the other buses to drive on the roads without a scratch. VDL Futura FHD2 - 106 is the shortest bus in the game. It really makes my life a lot easier on the roads and crazy S curves. And yes that's the only reason why I bought this bus.   + Shortest bus, making our lives easier.  + Good visual details.  - The engine sounds very arcady, not realistic, worse than the other buses. (I could be wrong because I never took it in real life before, but judging from my ears compared with the other buses, it does not sound realistic at all)   CONCLUSION: Despite the arcady engine sound, it is still a must have for all "Tourist Bus" players, because it is the shortest bus available.  It's also playable in Fernbus Simulator if you also own it.
Bus is lovely BUT the game crashes after clicking "resume game."
This is by far the best DLC for Tourist Bus , Its stunning. I would rate it 9/10!   Pros: -Looks stunning. -Many lengths included  -Sounds great -Handles amazingly  -Cant stop playing it.  Cons: -There is the issue where it is not going to both games.
Had spent around 1 hr on this game and love it right away! This is a rather small and casual game that basically all you have to do is to deploy your mercenaries wisely in order to optimize your income, and hire more mercenaries while upgrading them  so you can pass the boss stage for every 10 days. The dialogues are extremly interesting and so is the design of every character, looking forward to the upcoming updates and patches! Given the rather low cost($2) and the scale of the team,  an absolute thumbs up to both this game and the develop team!
Have you ever wanted a game where nothing makes sense and when you die you have to quit the game? Are you tired of games looking great but then actually working? Do you crave the challenge of fighting against the tide of frustrating design? Then you're in luck. 尸如潮水, which translates to The body is like a tide is the game for you. I give this game a 10/1.
6/10
I don't understand this game but ok
This is a table with a lot of depth. Some of the shots are quite unforgiving unless you are very accurate or you figure out the timing. There is a flipper at the top which can feel quite underused. The layout isn't perfect, but it ticks all the boxes.  The undersea theme is represented very well by the sound effects and the updated graphics look very good indeed.  Overall, it's a good table for a seasoned player and also fun for the unseasoned. It's one of my favourites on Zaccaria, or any other pinball platform on Steam.
First review aimed for English players.  Parkan Iron Strategy is one of the four games in the Parkan series, three of which you can buy on Steam. The fourth one is an "expansion" to Iron Strategy named Part 2. The reason for it's abcense is it's Russian only localization, that's why you are limited to a Youtube walkthrough of it, if you can find one.  One things for sure, it's hard.  I've played and finished this game a LONG time ago. Replaying it now just shows that nothing has changed. Got nearly stomped by an easy AI at the beginning of a singleplayer map, but managed later on.  Yes, by now the game is dated, both gameplay and graphic wise, and the rare and unique genre of FPS/RTS hybrid is so few and far between, with only about 3-4 games total, including this one, that did it right.  It's not for the modern gamer, that's for sure, you'd have to go through the clunky controls in all senses, fight with AI that unless stands still, is dumbfound, with accuracy that rivals Stormtroopers (if it's a flying warbot).  But when it works, it works.  For the price of $3 you get a near 20-30 hour campaign, depending on how you play. Guns, that actually feel like they are doing the right damage. Robots that can actually take a hit and survive even a torn off limb or track. Buildings that can be destroyed, but still take a long beating before even cracking. Everything that can be shot at has a limb-damage-system, with a nice green-to-red coloring.  You also get one of the most amazing audio and sound design, which still impresses me to this day. From gun fire, to the sound of warbots, to the music and ambient, to the pretty sweet and top notch English Voice Actors, I dare to say it's even better than the Russian version.  And if doesn't start for you on Win 10, then turn on DirectPlay in Windows Features. It worked for me.
Really great game, could use some future updates, perhaps instead of sitting the whole time you could stand and sit when getting in and out of rockets, as well as being able to have arms and hands that you can move when controlling vessels
Experienced on windows mixed reality.   Stunning.   Better than I thought possible.
I enjoyed this excellent experience.  I already saw the original and this one is definitely better. I only watched the cinematic version, but it is worth the price, IMO.  I didn't have an interest in the interactive play through, but that is available for those who do, and will make the game even better.
Oh this is absolutely awesome! Definitely worth the $$$ I paid. I just wish it was longer. Tip for non-VR users: DO NOT try to start the simulation from the desktop shortcut. Click the "Launch on Monitor" in the Apollo 11 VR HD tab on the Games menu (you can access that by Right clicking the game title on the game list on the side). Otherwise you won't be able to look around and your experience will really suck. As it was I found it accidentally when I thought was going to uninstall it. Glad I didn't! The music matches the graphics well and it is a great experience. I have read about this mission all my life but I don't think I really understood it until I experienced this simulation.  I hope that there will be more experiences from this Developer, other than the other two (that I already have) for the Titanic and the British WWII bombing mission (both of which are available on Steam btw).  One minor gripe: The Developers REALLY need to be more responsive to Steam customers. They do respond but it seems they take much longer compared to other Developers. Still, they make great simulations!
Very good! It's a shame they didn't use Leadwerks Game Engine for it, but still very good.
Lets you experience the Apollo 11 flight and mission. Great VR experience. Really get a sense of the size of the Saturn V rocket, and the moon landing.
I just finished this amazing work that actually brought tears to my eyes.  It brings the story of Apollo 11 to life and allows you to get closer than ever before.
Absolutely fantastic! As a new owner of a Pimax VR headset, I just tried this experience and it blew my mind. Much nicer graphics than in the original, lots of small detail. There were some graphical glitches in the command module (shadow mismatch in one eye) and some rocks on the lunar surface popping in and out of view in the peripheral vision (i guess due to the extra wide fov) but the rest of the experience was flawless. Well worth the asking price for a memorable experience.
Marvelous!! Worth every cent and I`m the owner of the original. So much needed upgrade!!! Devs, thank you, now thanks to you I`ve been in space, I`m in space!! :)
Great experience overall. In the interactive modes, you get to tests your skills and apreciate the challenges that astronauts had back then. One problem I run into was that in the lunar landing challenge the right translation action does not work. I tried this with 2 different types of controllers and both failed. Please fix this in the next update
There are few moments that im proud to be a human, watching what these guys went though is one of them. PS controls are shit dont interact, just go cinematic.
Apollo 11 VR HD is a truly transformative experience. If you own a VR Headset this is an absoloute must buy...   Words can't really do this game justice. I say game, but this is an experience like no other. A chance to experience one of the most momentus achievements in the history of mankind, it will renew your sense of purpose, while making you feel completly insignificant all at the same time.   The level of detail and immersion is breathtaking, I can't comment on accuracy, but heck, you wont care, trust me.   The storytelling, audio clips and Interstellar-esque soundtrack really turn what would have already been an incredible experience without them, into a life-changing one, and one that I wouldn't want anyone to miss out on.   Truly moved to tears. Will play again, and recommend this as one of the first things you play in VR.   Do I recommend this game? Heck Yes. 1000%.
This is a definite and vast improvement on the original. Everything looks crisper and clearer, with a lot more detail. Many parts have also been augmented to see and experience more. At the price, this is a no-brainer to get, even for people (like me) who bought the original. It gave me goosebumps all over again. It is a magnificent pice of work and a great tribute to one of mankind's biggest achievements.   The only small criticsim I have is that I would have liked to see the lunar module dock with the command module again after lifting off from the moon. I seem to recall it was part of the original and feels a bit abrupt going from the moon lift-off to returning back to earth so quickly.
A really great piece of VR. I just watched it as a movie yet, so I can't say how good it is as a "game" but it truly feels awesome and is possibly the closest to get a feeling on how it feels to venture to space, for a mere mortal. :)  One thing I accidently did, which even enhanced the immersoin a lot. I used an XBox controller with rumble. Since I didn't really need it, I put it next to me on the couch. It touched my hip while the starting sequence was going on, and the vibration felt as if I were really launched. :) So you might give this a try. At first i didn't realize this and was impressed how realistic the starting felt, until I realized that the rumble enhanced this impression. :) Also waering a headset is strongly recommended.  I run it with SteamVR using Erazor 1000
This is a really beautiful and immersive and informative simulation.  I don't think it will hold up in time.  The source footage and rendering is quite low resolution, but it's an important and historically interesting sim that is worth visiting.  I can only hope we will see more of these types of simulations with even more detail.
If you are in any way facinated by the universe and our place in it, this is a must. Its free and it is THE best experience I have ever had in VR. It was so emotional, intense, and emersive. It was also very educational about the mission and what it took to get these guys to the moon.  I was in awe at the size of the rocket.  I balled by eyes out as we were leaving the Earth's atmosphere. I balled again when I realized we had to leave its orbit.  I was humbled by the difficulity the manuvers were becasuse it lets you try over and over until you got it right. The crazy part I realized was these men got only once chance at everything I failed at multiple times. I have always loved space but now I have a brand new appreciation for what it takes to get there.  10/10 I would totally go back to the Moon
If you love space and have a VR headset, this is a must buy. It's a short experience 1-2 hours, depending on how well you do in the sections where you take control, but it's well worth full price. And once you're done with it, you can show it to your space-loving friends and see how amazed they are with it. They'll probably be either crying or grinning with joy.  Basically, you feel like you're there for this momentous historical occassion and that makes this a very unique VR experience.
This is the greatest "out of this world" experience I ever had. Finally, everyone can feel, see, experience what the astronauts saw when they arrived to the Moon's orbit. Wonderfully detailed Saturn V rocket, moon view, Earth view. The music - you could write a book about it. Perfect, amazing, unique, fantastic music. The music is class of its own here! I especially love the music from TLC part and re-entry. But also from Moon arrival.  Really, super. I would continue to work with that musician for next apps. He is a genius. A guy originally from Poland.  A little constructive criticism what you could fix in an update (really, please do it, not huge work to do, the effect will be very visibl):  1. During Saturn's Start I miss the details of the ground. When I look outside the cabin (I stand), I see ... almost total lack of details around the rocket, which were visible just a moment before when we were flying down the Saturn rocket to get on the elevator. It is too empty around during start. That launchpad stuff should stay were it was.  2. When we reach space during start, I would make the Earth even more detailes (the moment the rocket is joining us from the lower parts of atmosphere). Make more detailed ground, higher resolution and fix some weird straight lines in clouds.  3. When two modules connect (I stood to look outside the cabin) there was a little offset. They did not nicely connect in center. You know what I mean. You can see the landing module and command module are displaced against each other. Should be a simple fix.  4. Let us leave the cabin with joystick (Windows Mixed reality) and move freely in space around the currently playing part. I wish to see modules joining in space from the outside, not only from the inside. It is all very interesting to observe.  5. Moon arrival- wow...That's, a truly jaw dropping part. One thing. Please make the Moon from orbit EVEN MORE detailed. It is already very very nice, but I would add even more resolution to that. Is it possible?  6. Moon arrival - The landing module, to show people the scale of things, should go down and down and down and almost completely disappear. Those who watch it will understand how big the Moon is against the lander. The lander simply disappears as a tiny, few pixel object. I know it is not easy task in terms of TIME. You wanted it all to be in real-time - The lander slowly descends. Sure. But please add maybe 20 more seconds to this part and let the lander be reduced to a few pixels. This will be BIG. Let us feel the scale, the 120 km orbit altitude.  7. I know it is very hard, but would it be possible, to make "sand" on Moon? You added little dust coming out from astronaut's boots - this is soo good. so good attention to details. But the surface of the Moon looks kind of like a flat image projected on surface. Maybe Tesselation? Add more depth to the ground?  8. Earth from Moon's surface looks too blurred. Can anything be done about it?   9. I greatly miss the part where the lander returns to the orbit from Moon and connects to the command module (at least the view from outside, 15-20 seconds to let people and kids watching it understand how it all happened the Moon lander reached Earth back. It was cut and I would not cut it.  10. Re-entry - This is a SPECTACULAR PART. I watched it like 20 times already. While everything is so amazing here, I noticed clouds during parachute descend are coming out of small circle, which kills realism. Please, move cloud generation say... 200 meters bellow the landing capsule, so clouds around the capsule are already like a fog and cloud. Not round circles generated 50 meters bellow the capsule:)  11. I greatly miss the opportunity to walk freely on Moon in say 1 km square around the lander. Normal teleport mode like in Steam Home or movement with joysticks.  For ultimate experience there could have been a 2 km mountain there so you could walk up and see the lander from say 1 km altitude.   The above would be amazing to see. It was extraordinary you decided to update the original Apollo 11 with HD version. The original was soo much worse than HD. HD is the version which should have been released originally. I would not take money from those who bought the original Apollo 11, but offer a free update of that app.  Please fix things above for perfection level. This app will be shown to kids everywhere. It matters how it all looks in the smallest details. I imagine seeing this with 2080 RTX card (which I own) and raytracing... :)  PS: Add Windows Mixed reality as supported devices. I played it perfectly on Samsung Odyssey Plus. Add more tags like "space" "orbit" "lunar" "moon" "earth" - You are losing potential customers  who don't know it works very well on WMR and can't find you by more tags.
This title is amazing. Absoutley worth the price and the gold standard of VR experiences.   If you played the orginal I'd still recommend buying this product. It is much more detailed with textures especially the moon which now shows uneven ground and the character animations which go a long way to making them more life like. It is still bascially the same experience but with more graphical detail which I felt added a lot.  For the Devs the only thing I would like to see different is for the Atlas lift off to have no music and blast the archive sounds of the launch at a very high volume. That would add a lot of immersion.  If you have any interest in the lunar or space programs this is a must. It takes a fair bit to get get tears in my eyes but I sure had them. An outstanding use of VR as a medium.
This game was awesome one of the best VR experiences I've ever played. It's also very accurate to the actual moon landing.
Brilliant experience. Really got to me in a way I wasn't expecting. I think the direction and visuals are first class and the music is beautiful. A greap app for showing off VR and it's unique ability to place a person in a moment.   Cinematic mode is the way to go as the gameplay bits are a bit annouinh tbh.
Gives you real sense of the scale of the Saturn V and is worht it for that alone. Incredible.
Next best thing to experiencing the Moon landing yourself.
Absolutely amazing experience, the graphics are excellent. Not as interactive as the amazing Mercury Go For Launch but there's a few areas where you get to interact with the environment (controlling the thrusters etc, very simple things that only require on controller). Great experience, one of the classics. Played on OG Vive
Houston, uh... Tranquility base here, the Eagle has landed.  11/10 - Would land with 1% fuel left again, IGN.
It's worth the asking price.
Two bugs to report and one recommendation, otherwise grate product.  First, the projector in the beginning is not feeding film through projector. Not sure how your graphic artist could have made this mistake. Film is feeding in a loop. Google how a projector should look. Second error, the moon during takeoff.  At first you can see the entire moon, 75% is shadowed but visible. Then when in space, you can only see 25% of it.  Are you implying that we can see the moon better when in Earth's atmosphere?  Last is a recommendation. The hand controllers for VR have a vibrator built into them.  I would recommend you activate them during takeoff and reentry. It would seriously improve the VR experience. A very simple fix.  Hope to see if in the next update.
A must-buy for any Apollo fan. This gives you a perspective on the mission that no film or book can give. The interiors of the command and lunar modules are very detailed.
As a big fan of the original Apollo 11 VR (Even with its inaccuracys), I was quite exited for this new verion. But was slightly let down to find that there were even more inaccuracys (There are deffinatly fixes to the inaccuracys, E.G some technical stuff and the flag). But on the opening, after the JFK speech when you're above the Moon, you can see Mare Tranquillitatis (Where Apollo 11 landed), but this should be visable from Earth, then the Earth rises from the north pole and it looks like the Command module is in a polar orbit. Also, in the rocket theres some diologue said by the Astronaut in the center, over the radio they say that was Neil Armstrong, but Neil was sat in the left seat, Buzz in the middle and Mike to the right. So since the player is in the left seat, you're Neil and should be the one to say that. Once in orbit around the Moon, you go over a area of the Moon thats visable from Earth, but Earth rises a couple minutes later, you're also orbiting in the wrong direction. But on decent you're back in the right direction. Earth also appears to be a small slither when it rises on the horizon, but on decent its a half Earth (It can't just change) (and its should be around a half Earth). But I did incounter some game breaking glitches on the decent which I did not incounter in the non HD version. On decent I could not make the LEM go left or right, making it impossible to land anywhere near the landing site. I also couldn't skip the section after I got frustraited not being able to land. Whenever I pressed skip it would just put me back in the game. I don't mind to much about the inaccuracys, but could you please fix these glitches. Also once I managed to get on the Lunar Surface I found the C rock wasn't there but the info was.
The HD makes all the difference.  Awesome.
I want to recommend this so much, since the first release was one of the first things I bought for my Vive when it released over two years ago, and I've re-watched it many many times.  Especially since there is only one review at time of writing. However, I must admit I'm a little bit disappointed with this new version  First the good things.  * Only an extra fiver if you own the original. * There is much more detail in the cockpits. (Which were already great in the original) * There are some nice new details on the gantry descent. * The astronauts now move around more and lip sync their lines. They look like they're actually doing things a bit more. * There's a really nice sunrise effect on the clouds on the first earth overview * Clouds layers in general seem much improved and look more 3d.  * Viewpoints have been tweaked slighty to better guide your eye to the ship etc. eg I previously watched many people completely miss the LM descent for example as they were watching the Command Module. * Many textures are much higher res, in particular the moon surface. * Armstrong now leaves footprints after describing how his boot leaves footprints.  But the bad * Higher res textures mean higher aliasing issues. Viewed in the original Vive there is pretty horrible shimmering on the cockpit text when it lights up, and absolutely horrific on the moon surface during the landing sequence. Obviously the high specular reflections on the external shots of the modules are problematic too. Running at 200% Steam SS improved matters somewhat but still pretty noticable. This is screaming out for some proper anti-aliasing options, Preferably some selective AA on the worst bits since the scenes are generally so static. * First earth overview has some wierd pulsating effect on the city lights which seems deliberate, so maybe it's reproducing a genuine physical effect, but it looked strange and distracting to me. * Landing sequence high res ground texture noticably cuts off into a blurry mess in the distance.  * Landing sequence no longer kicks up dust when "kicking up some dust" is spoken * Lander windows have lost the dust/smear texture. Personally I really liked that on the original. * Armstrong's footprints are now there, but frankly look pretty bad. Like the cheapest decal slapped on the grount texture. * "Skip to the next section" option seems broken on keyboard and only works 10% of the time. * Point lights still clip though geometry (eg roof lights inside lander, sun through window in one eye). This was in the original too. * There is some extra spoken audio inside the lander which sounds like normal voice rather than filtered over comms, but it isn't directional.  Honestly I was hoping this would blow me away, since I love the original so much, but it just needs a little more polish IMHO. However, it's still a fantastic and moving experience, so I heartily recomend it if you've never seen it before.
Absolutely Fantastic! Great job done by the developer team. The increased detail makes a huge difference, especially with a Vive Pro. Love being able to explore the spacecraft interiors as "free roam". Just 1 minor detail seems off - on the lunar surface the lunar module's landing gear thermal blankets  appear too "thick"  or bulky - I believe the non-HD version is more realistic with repect to landing leg thickness.
Great job, In Pimax 4K VR color in HD is amazing, big progress.. thanks
I can't entirely recommend this game. It has beautiful artwork and the characters all have great designs. The story is okay and the situations you get into while searching for panties is quite funny. It just doesn't get me invested when the writing of the story is unbelievable. The english translations can be quite bad at sometimes. I understood it, but just bad choice of words.   All in all I guess you should get this game and a have an interesting 2 hours playing it?
[h1][b]”A Short Beautiful Story of Love and Hope in Nostalgic Era.”[/b][/h1]  Back in the 80’s and 90’s, panties in Japanese anime became common things due to influence of Western clothing in WWII. Because of different view of culture, most early anime have panties for jokes or pranks than fully sexual contents. Some people take them as comedy; some are obsessed with girl panties.  Pantsu Hunter is not about looking upskirt for pantyshot or being pervert even though its name sounds obvious. You play as a young man named Kenji (or any name you desire to create), who are obsessed with girl panties to search for true love. He became “Jack of All Trades” by his experience of random jobs which made him accessible to apartment and help people.  The story takes you to specific scenario and meets four girls. Each girl has distinctive personality, likes, and backstory. You are assigned to complete goal of each event while searching their panties undetected to unlock next chapter. Pantsu Hunter combines visual novel and puzzle-based point and click adventure to emphasize player’s choices which lead you to different endings (lots of endings and dead ends!). Some might not make any sense, but tend to be comedic way like early 80/90s anime. Some can reveal unexpected girl’s backstory. The game only saves at the beginning of each chapter, but all progress and collection always be updated. The idea is to let player experiment various outcome from start and memorize route they already take which I don’t find as negative, but it could be a bit chore sometimes.  The writing is this game is surprisingly good. Conversation is more direct approach and natural. It’s joyful, hilarious, and dreamy, yet it holds feeling of expectation and pain as the story finally warps up perfectly in Hot Spring chapter and epilogue.   The visual art of Pantsu Hunter will please nostalgic anime fan, even though you are not familiar with 80/90s style. It still presents the feeling of carefree, calm, and dreamy romance to readers. Moreover, all girl characters have fully voiced over as they did a great job on expression and make characters more believable.  The game runs on Unity engine which is common to most interactive VN. The performance is smooth and solid despite of long loading at game startup (at least for me). A few nitpicking are lack of inventory display when player pick up certain key items and in-game options are very limited (only no/off sound and reset player name).  At the end, Pantsu Hunter holds special feeling and relax experience from reading VN. You obsesses with something doesn’t mean you are judged as pervert. People learn people in different way and harmless by all mean. Pantsu Hunter might have some answers you’re looking for. A short beautiful story in nostalgic era. Highly recommend!  [quote][i]If you found this review helpful, please consider and give a thumb up or feedback to improve my review[/i][/quote]
I love this visuals so freaking much.  Also you get to collect panties. 10 out of 10. Best game of 2k19 so far.
If you're looking for a fun Stationary VR game this is a good one. It is a tower defence game, anyone who has played one knows the deal, each one has its own flavor. Haven't gotten deep into it yet and its early access, But already shows alot of promise.
The actual story in the DLC is sub-par. It's interesting but ultimately doesn't go anywhere (for now?). The two islands you receive could have been better, but I've turned my Isla Muerta East side into my biggest and greatest park, and my Tacano my Hybrid island. Limited in space, sure, but not the end of the world.  The pros are definitely the dinosaurs and the new social genes. The 2 new dinosaurs are nice additions, and the 3 new hybrids are pretty neat. The social genes are fun to play around with and experiment with. But at 15 dollars, I would wait for a sale.
Great job 
6.5/10  You get 2 small maps, a few nice upgrades, some dinos and several 'traits'. The only ones I liked are the social, so you can turn Trex into a pack hunter or make raptors loners etc.   So not bad but not worth the full price really, get it on the sale.
It's worth it, that's all I can say
This should not be a DLC. It includes behavioral modifications to the animals that ought to be in the base game.  Besides that, the new story missions and the animals included are excelent if you are a fan of the first jurassic world movie and want to get creative with your park.
i love it
Just for the option to work towards hybrid dinosaurs alone just get it.  I'm a big fan of the classics that have been added to the game but the new additions add even more variety.  Plus anything that could potentially kill Indoraptor or Indominous Rex is a plus.
I thoroughly enjoyed the Secrets of Dr Wu. You pretty much just get what you see in the screen shots in the way of hybrids where I was hoping I could splice my own abominations but they still look cool regardless! The DLC adds two now island building segments that give you missions and that's mostly it.  I liked it 'cause I love building a part of dinos but it probably should be cheaper or offer you the chance to go all Dr. Alphonse Mephesto on the dinosaurs.  Still would recommend if you enjoy the game! You could always check out my video messing around on the first Wu island quest here! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbbLkXmcpR0&list=UUKAXu5RaBFvBE95IA0-94Mg&index=15
The is 100% Worth it, it puts forwards more challenges and allows you to earn more money whilst having more fun!
[h1][B]PROS:[/B][/h1] * New in-game missions, featuring Dr. Henry Wu. * New social genes (this improves interaction between dinosaurs) * New dinosaurs + hybrids:[olist][*]Olorotitan [*]Ankylodocus [*]Spinoraptor [*]Stegoceratops [*]Troodon[/olist] [h1][B]CONS:[/B][/h1] * Such social genes could have been added to the standard game, instead of in this “expansion pack”. * Too expensive, as every JWE software on Steam, not to mention THIS ONE IS LITERALLY HALF THE PRICE OF THE STANDARD GAME!
Dr. Wu is weird no doubt about it. However, I was really into this game for a while. I still am. I needed more more more! and this DLC was decent.  Although I initially hated the idea of hybrid dinosaurs, the ones in this DLC were actually pretty cool. The missions were, as expected, confrontational. I did not care much for the early missions but they became better as time went on.  The new genes are very neat. I won't use many of them but options are always nice. They allow the player to do many things, such as increase/decrease forest/grassland/population/ and Familiy requirements, among other things, such as comfort.  The World Wide techs help with ticket sales and feeder resupply costs and a few other things.  I really enjoyed the two new islands. They are not overly large but nice to play on.  This DLC is very neat if you really enjoy the game. Oh, and two normal dinos are in the pack as well.
maybe some people just see the price didnt see inside of this DLC. this DLC Give us many thing like : *5New Dinos, (2 New Genes and 3 Hybrid species.)  *New Upgrade Building *Time Rotation Day-Night  * 2 New maps * New Story Mission form Dr.Wu * Some New Modified Genes from Social Modified Genes (You can Modified how much Social They need, even you can make 4 Indominus in 1 Cage without killing eachother),  *Stress Modified Genes. *Habitat Modified Genes. *New research for your park like Selling ticket price, Law, Transport Speed Etc *New Research for your building upgrade like. incubation success rate 4.0.  Incubation Speed 4.0 , which is great^^  *New Research fro your Dinos like isolation or Grup needs  and so much thing left . so i think this is great DLC with reasonable price, another DLC is great too cz they just give Dinos without any upgrade . so yeah . This DLC was Great   10/10 Should Play this DLC ^^>
This DLC adds quite a variety of content The addition of new genomes and researched upgrades can really change how you play If there's anything bad about this DLC, it would be the new creatures themselves. Spinoraptor and Troodon are fine additions Olorotitan, though a welcomed addition, is not really an interesting creature and is not unique in any way Stegoceratops looks like it came from a Ludia game and just doesn't fit with the game's base roster Ankylodocus just looks bland, maybe even ugly with nothing differentiating it from the base game Diplodocus
A decently sized expansion that isn't so much immense as it is more intuitive. Secrets of Dr. Wu is a fine piece of DLC for Jurassic World: Evolution offering two new sites to build on. Where you can unlock a collection of new genetic traits that let you tinker with the desires of your dinosaurs, along with a special adaptive camoflauge genome unique to the Indominus Rex. These make up the meat and potatoes of the expansion, if nothing else get this for the new traits as they make certain species of dinosaurs from the base game far more managable.  However the crown jewel of the expansion are the new dinosaur species, particularly the hybrids. Two highly request species can also be unlocked through missions on the earlier of the two newsites, these being Troodon and Olorotitan. Alongside them are three new hybrids, Stegoceratops, Spinoraptor, and Ankylodocus. All three are unlocked during missions on the second site in this expansion. While not a massive onslaught of new hybrid species as one would hope for (or possibly would be relieved to hear) they are decent picks to be included. Especially the regarding the outlandish redesign of the Stegoceratops.  Through and through, those who felt that Jurassic World Evolution was incomplete can get excited for this title. As it makes the game feel a few more pieces complete. And those who were fine with the game as it was and want a bit more potential will also be satisified with this product.
I loved the DLC and the things it has to offer I wish all DLC was like this!
god damn it, give me like a ten word review please in the comments instead of a one thousand word essay for school  anyways, this is pretty good. haven't really gone too far into it but its still worth paying... A$ 21.99?! the price is horrible but the dlc is neato.
An incredibly fun DLC, with the new sections of each island opening up the possibility to connect them; allowing larger islands.
Always wanted to know what Dr Wu was working on. Now I know and I've very happy.   More Hybrids!!!!
> research island mission #3 > play the whole island the boring way, just wait for the money to build and watch netlix > create a 100% spinoraptor with 430 rating > spinoraptor comes out of the hatchery gloriously > fucks up the wall in one push > kills half of my guests > dr.wu says you can't tranquilize it, kill it with dinosaurs > "sorry about that mate" - dr.wu > it took 3 stegoceratops to kill the damn thing > "take this 2,500,500 cash price, it's ok i guess to cover up the lawsuits, price of spinoraptor and all the stegoceratops" - dr.wu > oh gee wiz thanks mate
I'd rate it an A-. I had a lot of trouble with the funding, I had to restart the islands 3 times, but otherwise the DLC is top notch! Get it immediately if you havent already!
Very fun DLC. Some new areas coupled with new missions and dinosaurs and new genes for modifying dinosaurs' comfort/social traits.  Definitely worth it if you already spend a lot of time enjoying the base game!
The Secrets of Dr. Wu DLC is the first attempt at a proper DLC for JWE and it is a mixed bag in my opinion. Yes, the new hybrids are okay, but I prefer real dinosaurs over ugly hybrids. That being said, there are two new real dinosaurs offered in this expansion, Olorotitan and Troodon. This may not be enough for some, but it's a start.  The real strength of this DLC lies in the new genetic modification options it presents. New comfort genes have been added to allow you to change how many other dinosaurs of the same species or other species your dinosaurs can tolerate, change the amount of habitat elements required by different dinosaur species, and even allows you to make normally solitary dinosaurs like T. rex and Allosaurus rather socially tolerant of other members of their kind. Also, for those who want a movie accurate Indominus rex, you can now breed them with the camouflage gene like the one in the film.  The expansion also offers new research items like an improved storm defense station. There are also automatically applied tools to help increase ticket revenue, reduce legal fees from dino attacks, insure you against failed dinosaur incubations, and even increase the speed of your transport teams to transport dinosaurs to different locations or haul away dead ones faster.  I must say that the improvements and features brought in with this DLC are a mixed bag, but I think it leans more towards the positive in the end. If you like the base game, get this as soon as you can then. It overall has a much better and more well-told story this time compared to the base game, so that's also a plus. I recommend it certainly. Some may disagree and say this content should have been in at launch, but I point out that they can't just make everything free. They've got to make revenue to continue to improve the game somehow.
Excellent DLC. This DLC story was way better than the main campaign. Really loved working with Dr WU. Loved playing the bad guy in this. Truly an excellent addition to the game. Not only the story but the extra modification tools for altering behaviours is a must have for this game, opens up so many more options for enclosures.  Keep making DLC's like this and i'll keep buying them. Well done frontier, another solid release.
DLC is not bad, but its definetly not what we need to be added into the game. We need decorations, new editing tools, more trees and plants, sand and other ground textures, new attractions and buildings, JP/JW Franchise skins for dinosaurs - why there are no franchise skins in JW game?  
In my review for the main game I expressed my hope that we'd get new dinosaurs and new hybrids. This DLC delivers. Three new hybrids, two new parks, and a heck ton of difficult missions, and I can safely say I loved it. The only thing I don't like about JW hybrids is that most look ridiculous. The Stegoceratops and Ankylodocus, for example, do not look like they'd evolve naturally. They're mental. The Spinoraptor has the same aesthetic as the Indo's - it looks like it could be a real dinosaur. However, the weirdness does not detract entirely, as, let's not forget, this is not a dinosaur game... It is a genetic-sciences science-fiction park simulator. The lunatic Dr Wu's creations becoming more and more mental looking and his creepily ecstatic endorsement of their "beauty" provides a dark atmosphere to this expansion. Seriously...Wu is a mental. I'm not sure, but I'm fairly certain they've added sleeping to the dinosaur animations, either in this DLC or an update before it. I feel like they never slept before so it's nice to see. Please...please...please fix those eating animations. It's not the feeding that's the problem, it's the food itself. Dinosaurs don't tear perfectly circular steaks from their prey. Make it bloody (an on/off slider if we must) succulent pieces of flesh being devoured like in OG. ... Hmmm...I think I might actually be the mental here.
 Pros: 3 new hybrids and 2 new regular dinos 2 New maps New genes and tech  Cons: The Olrotitan is a copy of dinos like the corythosaur with same sounds and is very cut and paste in design and behavior. Story is basically left on a anti-climatic note with no knowledge given to the player of how the situation was resolved (unless they plan on continuing it in another dlc). More of a personal prefernce but i wouldve liked to seen more hybrids like in the JW mobile game (not the pokemon go one)   Conclusion: While what was added was nice it is not worth the price of $15. Wait for it to go on sale for $8-$10 and then it might be worth picking up.          
Aside from the free update stuff, the DLC adds in a few pretty awesome things.  First, the new dinos (the troodon and olorotitan) are both beautifully rendered. The new hybrids are all neat, but two stand out way above the third; the stegoceratops and spinorapter are both awesome in their own ways (and gorgeous to boot). The third, the ankylodocus, is alright. It just looks a little dorky.  The two new islands come complete with campaign missions. The first is pretty standard, but I absolutely loved the second one (the Isla Tacano Research Facility). The mission structure on that island is great, and the small space actually feels like a "secluded secred base," complete with no contracts or reputation. You're led along by B.D. Wong himself as the somewhat twisted Dr. Wu. I really enjoyed it.  Along with this comes a string of new buildings and building upgrades. Pretty standard there. Some extended feeders so you have to do less micromanaging. +1 for that.  Then there are the new genetic modifications. And this is where I think it really shines. There are new mods for altering the dinosaur's required exhibit (bigger or smaller, more trees or less) and social requirements. This is the big one for me. Throw on these and you can now have those dinos that require huge numbers (I'm looking at you, Stegosaurus) in smaller herds. OR you can take those solitary dinos and allow them to have company. Nothing like a pack of Tyrannosaurs walking about.  Anyways, is it worth $15? To each his own, I guess. But I think it was worth it. I easily have gotten 10-12 hours or so out of it, with plenty more to come.
Missions/Story: A lot of the missions feel very similar. The Science and Entertainment missions on Isla Muerta are almost identical, and three of the missions on Isla Tacano involve having hybrid dinosaurs fight and kill other dinosaurs. The story is also very mediocre without a proper conclusion.  New Genes: The new social, stress and habitat genes make for fun modifications that can make it easier to house more dinosaurs together without getting uncomfortable. The camouflage gene for the Indominus rex is a little disappointing as it just turns the dinosaur bright green making it look a little ridiculous at times.  New Building and Upgrades: They upgrades are alright; the new storm defence building has such a small radius that it is practically useless.  New Dinosaurs: The Troodon is a lovely new addition with a new model, animations and behaviours. The Olorotitan is a nice dinosaur, but I still think it was unnecessary to add another Hadrosaur this early in the game, given that there are five already in the game. I'm not a big fan of hybrids in the franchise, so I wasn't expecting to like the other three much. However, I think the Spinoraptor has a good design and alternate skins. The Ankylodocus and Stegoceratops look really stupid.  Conclusion: Not bad, but not great either. It's alright. Not sure if it's worth £12.99.
Many of my favorite moments from my time in JWE came out of this. I'd strongly reccomend it to anyone who likes the base game.
Secrets of Dr. Wu is a great addition to one of my favorite games. While it is a bit pricy by a couple dollars, I believe the new genetic modifications are worth almost any price, as they are a complete game changer when it comes to building parks with limited space and managing social requirements, either wanting less or more.   Of the five new dinosaurs I believe the Troodon, now the smallest dino in the game, fierce Spinoraptor and the Stegoceratops to be the most exciting, with the Olorotitan and Ankylodocus being rather plain. The new venom mechanic for the Troodon is exciting is unique, as well as all of its human kill animation.   The story is alright, with the second half being much more exciting than the first, and rather difficult at times. I believe the money generated from purchase of the tad pricey DLC will fund amazing development in the future.
I recommend this DLC because it adds a decent amount of additional content. The story was good, if a little too short given that they added two new "park" areas. Just felt like they weren't used to their full potential, especially the second area.  I'm not a fan of hybrids but the Spinoraptor is probably the best of them since it looks like it could be a difference full species all on it's own. Both the new non-hybrid dinosaurs fill unique niches, which is nice. (A large hadrosaur and a tiny carnivor.) The unexpected highlight of the whole thing are the new genes to influence prefered environment (grassland/forest), comfort, social, population prefrences.  My one and only true issue is that I don't think there is $15 worth of content here. For me it's closer to $10-12 worth of content.
Actually a pretty good DLC, the additions are particularly nice for challenge mode.
Gettin' better I'd say.
Good content for the money, and the core game just keeps improving for free to boot.
I will suggest this P2P DLC to people who like new contents(2 dinos 3 hybrids 2 new maps), and who have lots of money to spend,
need more like that
I had a far longer review prepared, but it seems Steam won't allow me to go into depth about my opinions about the DLC. So let me lay the basic points.  [h1] Pros [/h1]  [list] [*] Fantastic new story that makes up for the lack of which in the main campaign with two new locations with new missions. [*] Five new dinosaurs, three of which being hybrids; Ankylodocus, Stegoceratops, Spinoraptor. Olorotitan and Trodoon come as real-life additions. Troodon brings a new poison mechanic alongside it, as it's bite is venemous. [*] Various new genes to help you adjust a dinosaur to better fit into certain enclosures, helping with those unsatiable giant herbivores. Social genes can even allow you to house multiple T-rexes, I-rexes and Indoraptors together, or lower the requirements for dinosaurs with large pack numbers so you can fit more of a variety into an enclosure. [*] Good for new players, as the DLC unlocks after four-staring Isla Muerta, the second island in the campaign. [*] New research projects to help lower the cost of refilling feeders, building and even lawsuits. [*] New feeder types that require refilling less often, and a new storm station to help protect buildings from storms better. [/list]  [h1] Cons [/h1]  [list] [*] The hybrids are generally copy-and-paste in model and animations; Anylodocus is just a Diplodocus with spikes and clubbed tail that clips into the ground, Stegoceratops is just a Triceratops with plates and a spiked tail, Spinoraptor is just a bigger Velociraptor with a small sail who's legs like breaking and clipping into it's body when in a stand-off against other dinosaurs. [*] A lack of dinosaur additions. The hybrids are at a decent number, but another addition or two on the real-life side of things would have been nice. Perhaps a new small herbivore, or a small carnivore like a Compsognathus would have been welcome additions. [*] Indominous rex's camoflage gene should have been added free into the game. [*] The genes in general probably should have been introduced for free since they fix a lot of issues I found the base game has with dinosaurs, enclosures and population numbers. [*] More unique buildings should have been added instead of 'upgraded' versions of existing ones. New additions could have easily been added free into the game. [/list]  Overall I find the DLC worth getting if you enjoy playing Jurassic World Evolution. The story alone is worth the price tag to me, however I can certainly understand if you don't want to pay 15USD for a DLC like this. While I wouldn't demand a 5USD price tag others have I've seen, I can admit 15 might be a bit much for content that is lacking for a lack of words. Even 10USD would have sufficed. I suggest to wait for when this DLC ever goes on sale to get it. It's definitely something you should get your hands on, if not for the dinosaurs then for the solid story alone.
Bit expensive in my opinion maybe £7.99 would have been fair,  but i bought it as i want to support the game and would like to see the game expand.
great
$22 in Australia. What is it everywhere else? $15? Recommended but wait for a sale. Not even close to worth $22 for the amount of content, though. (Review of actual content in progress.)
Let me just get it out of the way:  Pros: Additions that the community asked for. Adds a bit more experience to my game. Stegoceratops  Cons: You don't get to CHOOSE what Hybrids to make, the game only gives you 3. Which is kinda sad considering the Mobile game: Jurassic World THE GAME gave tons upon tons of hybrids. In my opinion the price tag would be worth it if we could make our own hybrids, but really you get 2 island SEGMENTS, 3 hybrids, 2 dinosaurs, and some gameplay additions.  I'm not saying it's bad, I'm just saying I wanted more from it.
So my oppinion of this DLC goes as following:  This DLC is very nice, the story mode sucked me in and could not stop playing till completion. The DLC is around 10 Hours of gameplay. Be awere that the contend is kinda only avaliable when you have completed the whole main story. The new added building, upgrades and dinosaurs are amazing and behave very nicely in the game as a whole.  Shortly said, worth my money.
things just got better and dangerous
Excellent DLC. Not a huge fan of the hybrids (except for the spinoraptor), but Troodon and Olorotitan are awesome! (more real-life dinosaurs in the future please Frontier). The DLC, is however, overshadowed by the free update. Dinosaur herding, day/night cycle, and dinosaurs sleeping makes me SO happy! heres to another sweet 50+ hours doing a complete run through of career mode!
The new dlc adds 5 new dinosaurs with 2 being irl dinosaurs and 3 being hybrids, Troodon, Olorotitan, Spinoraptor, Ankylodocus, and Stegoceratops. It also added new feeders, the advanced storm staition, and tons of new researchables. To get all this you -have- to go through the challenges in the dlc after beating Muerta with 4 stars, and the two new areas of the islands have difficulties all their own. I personally enjoyed the new expansion, as It added more to do in the game, and made my Indominus into the camouflager that it always was ment to be. Looking forward to more expansions, I hope that the next one helps our parks become more beautiful.
Very cool DLC for a fair pricetag. Only noticeable downside being that you need to have Isla Muerta with 4 stars, which it turns out was the island I messed up the most on. Unfortunate for me, have to spend some hours fixing that first.
great dlc really love the skins for the new dinosaurs  troodon is a great addition!
Nice simple game. Reminds me a little of Tetris, but with a focus on color instead of shapes. I like the laser pointer showing exactly where the cube will go when launched.
This is such a nice little game. As others have said, it's perfect for when you're talking on the phone, listening to a podcast or music, or just bored and not sure what to play next.  There aren't any bells or whistles really, but for the price, one doesn't expect them. The sound effects are relaxing, too.
Fun game, definitely worth the modest price.  Great for playing while listening to a podcast, or the news.  Lasts longer then most things at this price, and worth replaying.
Great little game for 99p, all controlled with the mouse so ideal for playing with a cup of tea, gets hard after around level 10.
Where did the last 8 hours go? If you enjoyed Collapse you'll enjoy this. Fantastic time waster. Best A$1.50 I ever spent.
It is a short DLC of about 30 minutes of play to add a new puppet near the start of the game.  It would be good to get if starting the game or restarting the game.  Would probably wait for a sale before purchasing.
Quite and meditative game, you can play it in between other games matches to calm your nerves after frustrating defeats and idiot teammates. Peaceful gameplay and relaxing music certainly help that.
This game is about collecting resources, building your base and fighting other players and it manages the aforementioned well enough for me to like it. Takes long time to build stuff, hope it gets reworked soon - no big complaints except that. Looking forward to upcoming updates.
Simulator monitoring the operation of the mill and the accumulation of gold. I'm kidding) I do not know what's waiting for me further, but for now I can distinguish atmospheric sounds and unusual graphics. I hope the combat system will not fail. Later, I will write about it. Kindness to you<3
Cool strategy with pixel graphics, but I would speed up all the gameplay, because everything is very long. Waiting for more updates in the future:)
Heart of the Kingdom: Rebellion is a game where I had an interesting experience. Im waiting for it to show more of itself. It's always relaxing when i play this game!
Good game in its genre. I like the fact that there is an opportunity to trade resources between players. Something like old strategies such as heroes of might and magic with global multiplayer. But I think you can make the game even better. Please add the ability to fight between villages or make construction faster. I want to play with my friends. And it would be interesting to have the ability to create clans. 
This game is so hard for me. There you can build and fight for the glory. Best game for 24 hours if it was.
Liked the game experience, next time I would like to see a quicker level up and more fun stuff!! Can't wait this aspects to be noticed by the developers!
If you don't mind waiting, then this game is worth your attention. I like it. <3
Despite all the disadvantages, the game has an exciting atmosphere, pleasant music. The game is difficult, you need to find a way to develop the village before rivals. This is exactly what is missing in modern games. I think it's worth it
Quite interesting. Even felt a sense of nostalgia.  I recommend it.  8/10
I wonder what will happen if we complete the stage of building the village, but for now it looks tempting)
Relaxing atmosphere. Vaild for the evening after work!
THE GAME IS SO STUPID AND FUNNY BUT I WOULD WAIT FOR A SALE BECAUSE IT IS NOT WORTH FULL PRICE. I CANT WAIT FOR CONTRACTS TO COME OUT THOUGH. 
good game :) i enjoy it :D
10/10.  Amazing gameplay, fitting soundtrack, over the top blood and gore, this game has everything you could ask for AND an option to invert the Y axis.
very col gaem and sori for me bed england jk jk good game recommend
This game is awesome. Not only is it able to run on my computer, but I enjoy playing it all the time. I definitely can't wait for the Contracts to be released!
love the concept of this game, the first missions were awesome especially the second one. talk about the lord himself killing a pastor... cant wait for more missions :D
super cool but needs work. would recomend.
This is cool game but still needs alot for work
10/10 Would Sneak Again
This game is insanely addicting; once you get started, it's hard to stop! You can speed through the levels or take your time and use different tactics of getting through the level. I appreciate the addition of two different weapons, as it makes for a fun decision when slaying your enemies. The controls take some getting used to at first (from what I've tried on a keyboard/mouse), but you can pick up the skill real quick. The music is also really nice and differentiate on certain levels, which I find to be a cool touch to the aesthetic. Over all, I definitely recommend it!
Get it on a sale price.  If you include the 16 regular levels and 6 secret levels from the main game it makes the total level count 31.
There is some really good stuff to be found here! The levels flow nicely and are both atmospheric as well as functional gameplay space. Highly recommended, especially for the low price!
Almost done playing through the add-on levels. Aside from the first level being a bit too difficult (for a first level), they are all great , and dare I say... some are better than some of the original levels. Can easily reccommend.
Even better, some levels are very DOOM like which is great. The only downside is a variety of ships to choose from, other than that a terrific game.
Some nice extra levels, they play nice like the original overload, i havent seen the storyline i dont care. However the levels some of them are not made to work with the guide bot. A lot of time you will see cant get you to the security key, very frustrating if you have been flying for hours to find a way to the key and cant progress to the next level. edit after playing the 9 levels a few times it gets better and better i really like dlc minus the " lost" bot i played zero hours says steam ??? i finished the dlc already 4 times !
The new campaign is pretty much exactly what you'd expect as a collection of community-made maps stitched together as best as possible into a cohesive campaign. The difficulty curve is erratic, the levels (while solid) tend to lack the polish the original Cronus Frontier campaign has, and the overall feeling of the story and campaign flow is not particularly cohesive.  There are also 12 new challenge mode maps. I'm not the biggest fan of challenge mode, but doubling the count of the maps there seems like a good incentive for any CM junkies to grab this.  Tentatively putting a "Yes" recommendation, but ONLY if you're a pretty big fan of the base game and find yourself craving for more.
Absolutely fantastic!!! I have only played the new CM levels, and my goodness, the mayhem, the destruction, the chaos!!!
Excellent bit of DLC. It's more West of Loathing, what more could you ask for?
It's more West of Loathing Just buy it
This dlc is amazing would recomend
Great DLC - well worth the money. If you enjoyed the main campaign, this is more of the same and you'll enjoy this. Good for any player at any level
Played through this DLC on a post-game character, and this was just a really good time, i really liked all of this. I seriously recommend this to anyone that liked the base game and wanted more of it past the credits. Also, the items you get out of it are really nice, so maybe this could be good on characters that haven't beaten the game yet!
The games DLC story is just like a horror like BOOk the second you BOOt up the DLC you get the same West Of Loathing charm that the regular game had. The West Of Loathing DLC is something you should 100% pick up if you loved the original game. overall I would give this DLC a 9/10. The new DLC really BOOms you with new content and really adds a lot to the game.
It's more West of Loathing! What more do you want!
Great addition to a great game.
An excellent murder mystery DLC where you need to solve the fates of 13 ghosts (or kill them all...) , with the same witty and interesting dialogue and environmental humor in the base game. Do yourself a favor - don't look up any walkthroughs and just go for it. The payoff is extremely satisfying!
Only just started it, but anyone who is a fan of the base game will love this! The first screen alone was great, and the music is top notch.
Great DLC. Adds a new fairly sizable area to explore (NOT a new map region, FYI) . Still has that super funny Loathing humor throughout, and adds a lot of fun new puzzles to solve while you explore Gun Manor. Since the DLC scales with you, you can start it pretty much whenever you want; you can even leave the manor and come back to it if you want to play the rest of the game or get some supplies.  Well worth the 5 bucks. West of Loathing is one of my all-time favorite games, and this DLC does it justice. Definitely worth the $5.
BOO!  A short few hours of absolute fun, granted I brought in a character from one of my completely OP runs but there were very few forced battles, which meant that I spent most of the time with it enjoying the puzzles and characters (even if I never bothered to get their names...)  If you enjoyed the base West of Loathing game but utterly despised the world map, then this is the DLC for you. Gun Manor is easy to get around and compact but full enough of laughs to keep you going.
*Yee-haws spookily*
I love this game. I didn't know a DLC had came out for WOL. When I was looking around I found out and bought it right away.
If you liked the base game (you did) you'll really like this DLC.  Buy it.
Yep you should buy this one too
Genuinely smiled at each "BOO" because of just how effective they were portraying the genuine silliness of the KoL/WoL world. I am so beyond happy with Asymmetric's West of Loathing (and this DLC of course).  I truly hope Asymmetric pursues a larger publisher and budget for their next release, because I would LOVE to see something like Kingdom of Loathing on a grander scale.   DLC was a solid 8/10 for me. Thank you!
Pros: new and interesting fights Witty dialogue wonderfully stupid puzzles fun little hub area  Cons: short, but you can play it 2 different ways in 2 different playthroughs to see new content companion is on par with other companions in that shes useless but fun to talk to dat spittoon tho
[h1][b]ADDENDUM[/b][/h1] While I'm leaving my review as-is, apparently the DLC content is supposed to scale with your character, as I've read someone's post claiming it to be easier with a fresh new character. In actual fact, my personal experience wildly diverged - on my most advanced save I found it a breeze, but struggled slightly with a slightly less advanced save that was made as more of a speedrun towards the credits for achievements.  [h1]Pros[/h1] A relatively self-contained area (save for a small part, but...you'll figure that out later on) full of quests and combats (some if not all optional) More puzzles to solve The writing is still impressive and deeply humourous  [h1]Cons[/h1] Sort of requires decent progress made in the main story, and cannot necessarily be jumped into immediately Multiple save files required for every achievement (minor) Still a large part of it deals with fetch quests, but that's already a main feature of the base game  They surprise-dropped this DLC out of relatively nowhere. I was expecting the DLC for a while, just not at so sudden a date.  It's a brilliant petite experience filled with tons of intermingling quests and all. I took about 4 hours to finish all the content, which is pretty good value for money. Some of the puzzles can get tricky at times if you don't know what to look for, though, but on the whole they aren't that difficult. There's a few silly attempts at jumpscares but thanks to the somewhat cheery veneer of the (as usual) legendary stick figure art, they aren't actually scary.  The best part is there's no real correct way of going about this - in fact, there's about 3 (4?) ways of dealing with things, a fully pacifist way (with a best ending), a fully violent way, and somewhere in between. Both ways have their own quirks, and it's always a blast having to figure out what you need to do to solve each path. The violent path does require you to be somewhat leveled up though, so you cannot quite jump into it straightaway. (I'm not entirely sure if the combats near the start can be skipped, but those also require a decent amount of stats, or you're going to get creamed.) Also, I recommend full-committing to a singular path instead of mixing things up arbitrarily, especially if you hunt achievements.  [h1]When to buy[/h1] If you don't already own the base game, get the bundle. Else, it's already worth it at full-price, especially for completionists.  [h1][b]9.5/10[/b][/h1]
Boo/10
More West of Loathing. That's all you really need.
BOO!
The DLC continues in the same humor vein as the rest of the game - silly, weird, often punny... It's great. The new area took me about 4 hrs to solve everything peacefully, though I'd imagine the content would be a lot shorter if you just murder everything in your way instead. There's also new music (!) and new achievements, which is great. The vast majority of puzzles are done right at the manor itself, and nothing requires you to have explored too far so you could probably do a lot of it with a new character if you wanted.  Overall, definitely recommend it if you enjoy the main game.
Humorous puzzles, good fun, time well spent.  When do all the new tracks/sounds from the DLC get released for purchase? I'm a particular fan of the piano rendition of the clown music box.
I think this DLC is worth $5, but I also think the base game is worth far more than the $11 they sell it for.   There are lots of good jokes, Easter eggs, puzzles, and some new achievements.  As far as cons, I think there are a couple complaints that could be made. There are essentially two paths, violently taking out the ghosts, and peacefully resolving issues with the ghosts. My first time through I went the violent route. It was over quickly and pretty under-whelming. By contrast, the non-violent route is where the vast majority of the puzzles and other content in this DLC are, you also get better rewards.  Some of the "puzzles" are a little two adventure gamey. At one point you have to "kill" a certain food item and the method for doing so isn't clued very well and is absolutely not intuitive. When I get stuck and have to look up a solution, my reaction should be "ugh, I'm so dumb, I should have known that on my own," and not "wow, that's bullshit and I never would have thought of it without just trial and error of mashing everything together until something works."  There is a temporary partner you get for the DLC and there is a system in place to upgrade her combat skills, but there's no incentive to do so since the DLC is so heavily favored to the non-violent playstyle. If you're going for the (optimal) non-violent resolutions, you don't use her to fight ghosts, which is her primary strength. She won't fight any of the spiders, so you end up with a system where you are upgrading her combat ability with very little chance to use the upgrades. Feels like a waste when the two systems are working against each other.  It also suffers the problem a lot of "open world game" DLC has, which is that it is released so far after the base game that I've already 100%ed the base game, so the rewards for the DLC feel kind of underwhelming, and I felt kind of overpowered compared to the content I was up against. This is a problem games like Skyrim and Fallout also suffer from, the DLC is probably best enjoyed when incorporated into a fresh game and not an old save.  That said, I still enjoyed this DLC and would gladly continue to pay for more should they make more.
Played a bit of stickfigure cowboys over the summer and I really loved it, but I got sidetracked and never came back. Now that the DLC (which can be played right after making a new character just fine) is out i've popped back in and have been having a blast solving silly puzzles and being a silly walking stick figure cowboy.  It's more West of Loathing, and if you like the humour and playstyle, you're gonna enjoy Reckonin' at Gun Manor. Plain and simple.
You know all the things that made the base game great? The humour, the puzzles, the exploration and the fights you can never get bored of? It's all here, condensed into a wonderfully designed new location.   The puzzles are interesting as always, but I especially liked how different all the ghost fights were from each other, so even a kill-everything playthrough doesn't get boring.  This expansion is well worth its cheap price, I highly recommend it to anyone who loved the base game.  Side note: I can't stop seeing BOO written all around me when I walk down streets, please send help
I loved this DLC. The plot is as simple as always an the puzzles are as interesting as in main game. This DLC is just B O O tiful. (Sorry for scare.) Be prepared to some s B O O ky ghosts and some new jokes.
A few more hours of more good West of Loathing content. If you liked the base game you're going to like this. You get a nice dense puzzle filled area, or the option to go in guns blazin' if you wish. Writing is still top notch and the music is fantastic.
I really enjoyed this DLC! It works as basically a long standalone side quest. There's more jokes, more misadventures, more combat, more puzzles, more characters, and some pretty awesome stat-boosting items to be had. It took me about five hours by the time I went through it with three different characters to get both endings (I messed up the first time).  I've edited part of my review because there was an issue with one of the ending achievements, but it has now been fixed, according to a patch update. But just in case it's not still not mentioned in-game, heads up, there are *three* possible ways to end things with the final character.  Overall, a great addition to a ridiculously fun game!
I was hoping for a dlc that would add more classes to the game, but this is pretty grape too.
This is such an amazing dlc!The only thing i didn´t like is that it takes really long time to finish it if you don´t know what to do. 
I'm not sure how many other games can make me laugh out loud instead of just making a little "heh" laugh. The DLC continues to deliver.
10/10 would sink my arm elbow deep into a spittoon again.
Whelp, I've finished this DLC, fully pacifist. I've gotta say, it's pretty great. The puzzle are all amazing except for one or two which are very easy to get stuck on, there are (obviously) tons more jokes, and near everything is quite intuitive and fun to figure out. 9/10
Probably one of the best DLC's ever. Its got the perfect blend of WOL humor, amazing puzzles, awesome items, and fun lore, rolled into one. The Hedge, the Manor, everything in this is sooo fun. I had spend all day on this and I'm almost temped to replay the whole game to just play through the manor again, 10/10
A sprawling mansion full of ghosts and clever puzzles, and lots of new jokes. Great fun, highly recommend.
If you love West of Loathing, you'll love this DLC. The jokes are fantastic, the puzzles are amazing, there's new music (and it's AWESOME), and there are tons of new enemies to fight. The developers clearly put a lot of work and love into this. Depending on the path you choose to take, it could take anywhere from 2-6 hours to figure out all the puzzles and finish it, and there are several different endings, meaning there's tons of player choice with whatever you want your adventure to be. In every way, Reckonin' at Gun Manor truly lives up to the high expectations I had for a West of Loathing DLC.  Conclusion: 10/10. This is the best 5 bucks I think I've ever spent.
It has new music.
B O O !
Awesome to see some DLC for this game. Main game was hilarious and fun. This DLC is definitely keeping up with what this game is all about. Loving it. Kind of stuck at the moment, but I'll figure it out eventually. :D
More of the same, in all its splendor.  Very reassuring honestly that the developers are still just as clever and passionate with their comedy now as ever. Lots of great writing, decent balance of combat, puzzles and dialogue.   While the price is quite disproportionate to the game itself, the overall quality of the content does still make it worthwhile. It is very concentrated compared to the rest of the game, which makes it feel very comprehensive and comfortable to experience.    Although, the level of difficulty present while on hard mode is quite absurd. Not even because of the difficulty itself, but because at this point in the game players have probably used much of their consumables already. Players will need lots of consumables to beat the fights in this new area, which basically forces players to go grind wandering encounters to get more. But this problem is really just innate to the difficulty scaling in the game as a whole.   Hope to see much more from these developers in the future.
If you enjoy the humor of regular West of Loathing, you'll enjoy this little DLC. It took me about 3 hours to finish and I was thoroughly entertained the whole time.
I've been playing this DLC for approximately 10 minutes and it's already great
10/10, DLC of the year for every year  (Even though I haven't even played it yet)
Nice work! but Blake's outfit got some problem,  Her coat got a strange swing, please fix, thx
This is a very nice addon, however yang's hair is super dark, can you please fix that? paid money ya know :D
I love that these are available, though I have some issues with the way they look. Weiss is back to having that doll expression; Yang's hair is almost brunette; and don't get me started on Blake's ears.  But nevertheless, battle never looked so fashionable.
Although I do not think very highly of the game, I continue to support it in the hopes that Rooster Teeth can iron out the poor thing and make it infinitly better than it currently is. Now, I don't intend to review all the skin packs, right now I only plan to review this one and the team JNPR Time skip skin pack.  This pack, as we all know, was made with the Volume 4-6 designs of Team RWBY right down to Yang's prosthesis (no, it doesn't vibrate.) I was pleasently surprised to see just how pleasing three of the four skins (yes three) looked on the girls, especially how much better they make the faces look. Ruby, Blake and arguably, Yang look very nice, I only wish I could say the same for Weiss.  Weiss in this pack looks like a doll with lifeless fish eyes, meanwhile, her dress looks oddly plain, lacking a lot of detail and textures that could make areas on her outfit look more pronounced. Compared to the others, the effort put into Weiss here appears lacking.  A minor con to point out is Blake's cloak, specifically the cat tails. They seem quite stiff and they tend to glitch about much like Ruby's cape does on her default skin. I'm not sure if they're supposed to be free-flowing or not, but if they are than it looks terrible.  It's an alright pack. Though the issues I would say are relatively minor, the skin look great. I can't say I reccomend the pack since they offer very little. However, it does add some variety to an otherwise plain game. Just a shame they had to be paid DLC instead of unlockables.  [b]Additional Notes:[/b] Blake's ears are too long. I didn't realize this at the time of the initial posting but Blakes ears are too big and too long to be a cats, they resemble more of a lemur.
Anyone else want to play as Ghost Pyrrha?
The costume are great but I noticed Jaune face has some lines in the center, I did a comparison to normal and timeskip outfit and the normal one looks fine I hope in the next update you can fix this small issue along with any members of team rwby that might also have this issue as well.
Way to drive that knife just a bit deeper RT Games, still I love it...but please...make a patch so Ren has his hair down...it just doesn't feel complete without it
.49 cents less because pyrrha is missing, pepehands
Press F to pay respects
Pretty decent costume pack. They should have had a pyrrha costume with an arrow sticking out of her or an ash pile or something. Just some kinda alternate costume. But the three we do get look nice
Much like three of the four team RWBY timeskip skins, I think JNR's time skip skins look fantastic. The only issues with these skins I could find was the red sash around Jaun clipped through his leg and Ren's cat tails didn't move very well (much like Blake's.) Nora was the only character I found didn't have much wrong with her.  I am disappointed the team didn't give Pyrrha a what-if timeskip skin. They could have had some fun with that me-thinks. I was touched that they had Pyrrha's select screen avatar close her eyes when you select these skins to play.  It's a great pack. Not sure If I can reccomend it though, much like the team RWBY skins, this pack offers cosmetic changes only and nothing else.
I wanted this added into the game, I really did, and I am glad they added it. But this has one fatal flaw. They didn't change Ren's hair. It's a disappointment, but I can live.
No pile of ash for Pyrrha. 0/10.
Okay, one critisizm. (i dont even know if thats how you spell it.) COULD YOU NOT EVEN BE BOTHERED TO EVEN *TRY* AND BE CREATIVE AND MAKE ONE UP FOR PYRRHA?! That is all.
The Time skip outfits look great only disapoing thing is that they didn't let Ren's hair down Rip that beautiful mane
Great Romance Visual Novel! The Game Plays like a supernatural romance.The Protagonist who has a largely uneventful life  one day meets a stranger that hears his qualms and somehow makes a contract between our protagonist and a deceased spirit ghost.I love how this visual novel conveys love and juxtaposition in light of showing and giving the protagonist lessons and experiences in a otherwise unexpected situation.Recommend this game.
+good story +good character design +nice music +++main character is easy to understand and very, human like ++-gut wrenching =cheesy as fuck, both good and bad way --bad looping of musick --=+no ghost blowjob ---too little hours, to complete game, shortness of story that actually hurts overall 7,9/10   one of these things is not like the others
I don't usually end up reviewing games, but I had to leave a positive note for this one.  I simply couldn't not finish it.  I kept going " a little bit more" every 15 minutes or so until finishing a playthrough a full 2 hours past when I normally go to bed.  (Work the next day was not fun, but worth it.)
Nice game overall I'll give it 7.5/10 The story progession is nice but, One thing I hate about this game was soundtrack, It doesn't fit in that much to the game mood and tone in my opinion and sometimes I feels irritatate by them but the character design and story expression I'd say they did a pretty good job on it, I'm gonna say it worth the price  If you love VN then go ahead and give this game a try, You would like it!
Man this VN feels more like a movie, It's suprisingly good but It felt like the idea was pulled from a Romantic Comdy movie from the 90's to early 00's and the setting is replaced with modern accomidations. Also I the influence of Religious Idealism sure played a weird role in this. Kind of didn't expect it in this Novel but then again its a common theme that is used in other VN's and Anime's to, so expected/unexpected I guess. I would say, "I'd recommend this VN" there's not much nudity in it but stay some what captivated for the idea that there is, also be aware that there are some typo's in the dialog, I'd say its slightly rare you might encounter one. Other than that I'd give this one a 3.5 out of 5 if I could. (Final Closing thought) Why the flip is a fondue only resturant a thing? I see it more of like an appitiezer or side dish thing then an acctual kind of main course of a resturant thing. Why the hell would someone want to sit at a table and stick things into a pot of cheese and consider it a main course thats a waste of time and hunger, weird?
Touching and heartfelt, a more emotional experience than I was expecting!  Get this now while it's on sale, it's 100% worth its price, you will not regret buying this beautiful story with great and relatable characters! 9/10
I really liked the story
Welp, if you love deep-thinking novels, you are gonna enjoy this.  Recommend or Not Recommend, if I have to choose, I`m going with recommend.  The story has this bitterness of a broken love. Its like you wanted all of it to go well but seems like world doesn`t want it that way. I had a lot of sighs here and there.  The heroine is a bit annoying(Hey, that`s my opinion don`t hit me) but very lovely. The story has its own style(I think you`d better see it yourself).  This ain`t somekind of japanese doki-doki, light-headed love novel. No H-scenes. No laugh-bursting jokes.  But here you can find yourself loving a ghost lady. That is what matters, really.
This is a beautiful game. The story line, while short, keeps you engaged through well placed humor and wit without sacrificing any of the deeper seriousness to it. It probably took me around 4 hours to finish the entire game, but for some reason steam stopped recognizing I was playing it after 30 minutes.
Honestly one of the most incredible Visual Novels I have ever read.  One reason that I think this is so good is I can somewhat relate to how the protagonist would react to the situations he was in.  Great game and I hope it maybe gets an update later, POOR PSEUDO
I'm not usually into VN games (because 98% of them, give or take 1.9%, are pornographic), so when I saw this one was a lot more romance-novely instead I decided to give it a shot.   Glad I did, apparently I'm a bigger sucker for romance novels than I previously believed. It's nothing super complicated or anything, in a good way. Anyways, I enjoyed it, hope you find it helpful!
I liked the game. I'm glad I bought it. However, I have to qualify my recommendation a bit.   The thing is, I'm nuts. When I was younger, and less bitter/broken/bleak/cynical/realistic/ pessimistic/nihilistic, I held the irrationally romantic notion of how wonderful it would be to love a ghost. To be free from the petty foibles that plague human-to-human relationships; to have love sublimated to its highest, purest form.  So, when I saw this on Steam, I was essentially forced to buy it for the premise alone. And I thank the creators for going with a somewhat odd, possibly hard-to-sell premise such as this. It reminded me of my more innocent and hopeful youth, of which few things are now capable.  That said, I would wager that most people aren't equally besotted with the concept; and in that case, take my recommendation as you will.   As an impartial critic, I will say that some might object to the Christian bias of the game's treatment of the afterlife. I have no strong inclinations for or against any particular religion (aside from pagan blood-feuds, hoorah!), so it didn't bother me remotely.  Also, as a critic, I'll say I wish the game had a few more choices, so as to make the ones that are there feel more crucial; it doesn't seem like you can vary widely between playthroughs. But to be fair, I've only played through it once so far.  Also with critical neutrality (I say this to emphasize that I've taken off my "I love ghost sex!" hat), I believe the writer handled the characters well. It would take a particular kind of personality to be open to loving a ghost.
Nice and short visual novel. It has cute drawings and a interesting characters, even if they are a few ones. The music is ok. The narrative can be fun, depending on your choices. If you like some stuff like "Tasogare Otome x Amnesia", its your game.   I give it the seal of aproval.
I loved the ending! It was so funny!
Extremely good video game. Theme of stagnation was particularly poignant for me. A little short but easily worth the money.
I've read a lot of visual novels before.. and never have I read one that went nearly this deep about romantic love.  This VN goes longer than I expected it to and while at times seemed to drag on too long, it pays off in the end with a a tantalizing and bitter sweet love story that stretches from the Earth we live on past the gates of Heaven and Hell and into other dimensions entirely.    It is well written, brilliantly deep, and it kept me clicking my mouse and reading for over five hours in a single sitting.  I didn't want to stop until I got to the end, until I knew how it would all end up.  I smiled, I laughed, and I felt sadness as well.  Only a great novel can take you on such an emotional roller coaster ride in such a short time.  This one is not for everyone however.  There is no action, no life or death choices, just love.  It's all about love.  If you love a great and galactic deep story about true love and the sacrifices made once you find it, then you're almost certain to love "Nowhere Girl".       I give this one a 9 beating and true hearts out of 10.  I enjoyed it (and I'm even a guy).  <3  It's just too damn deep to not appreciate.
Trainwreck Studios continues to be one of the best western VN devs. The writing is amazing, unless you hate laughing, crying, or feeling any emotions. The art is great, but is secondary to the writing, which is how it should be, in my opinion. I've played far too many VNs lately where it feels like I'm searching for pretty art instead of enjoying the story. The Characters are refreshingly relatable and expressive.  Nowhere Girl was a pleasure to read and I can't recommend it, or their other VN, [url=https://store.steampowered.com/app/542200/Animal_Lover/]Animal Lover[/url] , more.
The bullet hell combat has a good variety of levels, and the shoot/don't shoot dynamic leads to some exciting moments. The focused intensity of the combat is nicely balanced with some interesting worldbuilding in the form of little stories, and a nice character builder.  This Cuboid's a keeper.
Great Indie twin stick shooter, to me has a kind of DOS influence in some aspects which was cool and the game let me play it however I liked. There are some really moreish levels, also feels good when you get your cube set up just right. I feel like the dev put a lot of work into this.
Play. Die. Repeat.
I tried downloading a game but I found this in my pocket so I ate some cheese.
This dlc unlocks the full cosmetic system (you only get some cosmetics if you are a free player). You still have to level up to earn them, but you earn stuff all the time if you have this dlc. You can also play as any shadow (if you're a free player, you can only play as whichever 4 are currently on rotation). I personally play only as the 4 on rotation even though I bought the dlc, just because I find it fun to focus on them for awhile since you'll see them a lot since all the free players will be playing them. So it helps you to really get good at playing as and against those specific shadows. The dlc is worth it if you are really into this game and think you'll play it a lot. I got it because I knew I wanted to keep playing the game, and being able to customize your bear a lot makes it more fun. You can create some cool looking characters when you have the full suite of cosmetics to choose from!
havent even played for 3 days and i already love this game and bought the dlc
$15? Worth It
Tried the free game first for a bit, and lord it's a lot of fun. Bought the full version briefly after as a bunch of friends joined in.   There's a lot of cool cosmetics you gotta work for, a bunch of maps to choose for that all look very cool and got their own ups and downs, and so many amazing shadows with their own playstyle (stalker/watcher here). Running and jumping around and seeing that ominous *presence* nearing you, it really gives you a kick. I can't get enough of it.   There's a couple of things that might need some work, read, some shadows are just very hard to play,.. or rather, to master, (mimic's prop ability for example. He's a very obvious guy) and a couple more like this, but that doesn't mean it's not enjoyable. I swear, it is. The full game is absolutely worth your time,.. especially if you bring enough friends.
I saw another guy who got the DLC we both immediately started to duck at eachother like crazy!!! 10/10 worth.
suck my bearries
The DLC is incredible!!! Its well priced, seeing how you can have hundreds of hours of more fun with this!! I try to play daily even if its for a match, just to blow off some steam and just have fun!! Having access to all customization and Shadows is a HUGE enjoyment booster! Already bout a few copies for friends and family!! Im having more fun playing with the others I gifted it to, rather than going out to eat by myself!! WORTH IT!!!
The DLC really opens up so many things and gives you a wide variety of gameplay and strategy! This full game unlock for leveling and the shadows is deffinately worth it for those that are looking for a party-type of hunting friends game. On top of that, who doesn't like cosmetics???
Totally worth it.  The customization for the bears is fun and it's good that they're locked behind levels, so you have to play to get more. The shadows it adds are awesome and menacing and each has a balance of advantages and disadvantages.  Definetely recommend getting this.
Played the free version for a bit, then i had to try the new shadows out, it's well worth its price, even more considering how much they've already given for free.
perfect game to 'wake up' before study AND it will help improve your typing dexterity. dev also listens to your feedback :) which is rare these days. there are few modes; typing words, single letters, random letters, forward, backward and so forth. there are almost no other art asset except the words which is a good thing for the intended purposes. i think it deserves full price. great work dev! and i hope you delve deeper into game development :)
New Review: The developer listened! There are now different font options, making it a better experience. I paid €0.40 for this game, but even full price it's worth it. I enjoy playing it, just to try and beat my high score time and time again. A good typing excercise, which I will continue to play in the future.  +1 to Laush (developer) for listening to the reviews! You the real MVP ♥  ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ OLD REVIEW: Got it on sale (€0.40), and after 5 minutes of playing I've already got one major complaint: I can't read the font. This isn't always the case, but for some words/letters this is a big issue. It's supposed to be a typing exercise, not a reading exercise. Also, on smaller screens (like my laptop screen) the letters that fly by are unreadable.  If only there was an option to make all the text arial/calibri/impact/comic sans/.... (any other, readable, font..) that would change my review to a 'Yes, I recommend this game'. For now, no..  Let's hope the devs do something with it, so I won't have to refund. I see potential.
100% the game but it doesn't show up as one my perfect games... None the less still fun to test your typing skills
I can now write many words backwords, by the spell words backwords mode, I am now godtier keyboard elitist warrior and rarley mess up now and do not have to look at the keyboard when I type 10/10 game would buy again. This whole review only took me one minute to fully type out
Only played about 20 minutes, and i have to say this game is unique. It improves you skills in typing and and makes you think. If you want a casual game i reccomend this as you always can improve on typing. Ty Laush Studio A+  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ_xfksfRpU
Pretty much a casual arcade game in general. Game is base on highscore with timer in each 9 different stages.  Bought it during a sales and would recommend if you want to kill time and enjoy challenging yourself.
MY GOD, I AM CRAZY BY UNDERTALE MUSIC !! <3  Tradução pro PT-BR: MEU DEUS, EU SOU LOUCO PELAS MÚSICAS DO UNDERTALE!! <3
MY GOD, I AM CRAZY BY UNDERTALE MUSIC !! <3  Tradução pro PT-BR: MEU DEUS, EU SOU LOUCO PELAS MÚSICAS DO UNDERTALE!! <3
Needs more undertale tracks
Nice visuals, super nice tune and really fun to play!
Ha ha ha ha... Did you REALLY think it was OVER!?!?  I mean, we haven't even done the [b]Special Thanks[/b] yet... Ready? Let's end all of this for good!
MY GOD, I AM CRAZY BY UNDERTALE MUSIC !! <3  Tradução pro PT-BR: MEU DEUS, EU SOU LOUCO PELAS MÚSICAS DO UNDERTALE!! <3
Hi, its me sans undertale.
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNSSSSSSSSSSSS DDDDDDDDDDDDAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNCCCCCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEE 
This song is great. You need it to truly enjoy Groove Coaster.
All memes aside, this song is an absolute banger. The difficulty is pretty hard on this song, even Easy is a bit of a challenge compared to other songs on Easy, but it is SUPER fun to play!
ness from earthbound
MY GOD, I AM CRAZY BY UNDERTALE MUSIC !! <3  Tradução pro PT-BR: MEU DEUS, EU SOU LOUCO PELAS MÚSICAS DO UNDERTALE!! <3
Alstroemeria Records song = AUTO BUY BESSSSSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTT
Perfect if you want to break your keyboard.  (no, seriously, the Hard 14 difficulty has super note jacks)
Yes
it's nice 
-Bought Soundtrack  -Go out clubbing -Meanwhile in the car I ask for the aux   I have been designated "aux cord guy".  But being serious now, Drum and bass? I got it. Indies? I got it. House? I got it. Funk? I got it. Just chilling? I got it.  You buy this soundtrack and you literally have a "let's hangout" music pack, no joke. Cool thing is, your friends won't know most songs if at all. So you'll also score some "style" points for originality.
shat my pants for 15 mins https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ppwhpl2v4w
gReaT GamE bUT yoUn ShoULDnT maKe EscAPE aN insTanT QuiT BUtTTon. THAnKs DAd
This is a really short game but it's also pretty cheap and scary. The audio was really well done. The build up of suspense and some of the jumpscares have all been honed to near-perfection and it really does work well in this type of game. I think if you go into this expecting it to be short but tense you'll be completely satisfied.   I uploaded a video to Youtube in case you want to see it in action and decide for yourselves:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2se5tUC4ifE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6W18K4OdruQ  I personally think this was a TERRIFYING HORROR GAME! The gameplay itself would only take you less than 20 minutes but hey, you get what you payed for. And I feel it was 79 cents well spent (: I even sent this game as gift to my friend. Heres a full game review on wether or not you should buy this.  Is it worth the cost to buy and play? -Yes! no doubt in my mind about that  On a scale 1-10, how scary is it? I give it a 9, In my opinion if there were creepy dolls involved i'd lose my freaking mind.  Does the game run well? -Pretty smooth , Didnt experience any frame drops  Did you find any bugs within the game? Nope , pretty well made with 0 bugs  Now time for some Pro/Cons:  Pros; -This game will definetely give you a spook -Its not all jumpscares , There will be moments of encounterment that actually send you chills down your spine -The setting of the game is old , abandoned , and apparrently haunted which makes it scary -Controls are simple , Not many to learn at all -Basically a horror walking simulator -Game runs well -No Bugs -No crashes -Game looks great in design -Very cheap and worth the cost -Pretty straight forward game (Unlike a puzzle) -SHE WHISPERS ON YOUR EAR AND THATS FREAKING TERRIFYING  Cons: -Can't Sprint (But can still move a secent speed) -A little bit short but not TOO short -Doesn't really have a backstory to it  Thats all I got! Great game, I enjoyed it :)
Yes, it's cross-promotion, but the added races have unique bonuses that do create more diversity to your galaxies. Races are fun to play as and against (or with, if you can tolerate them talking to you). Frankly the price is a bargain when you consider how many hours you could spend on a play-through as each of them. Neat ship designs as well.
The new races are solid additions to the game that make for a stranger galaxy.  New ship designs and custom race traits are always welcome.  I still miss some of the old GalCiv 2 races, but this is good content that stands on its own merit. With luck, maybe next year will bring Star Control Villains.
Promotion or not these races are a whole lot of fun and their abilities spice things up and are always welcome when making your own races. The new ship styles are really cool too. As I am not much for campaign it's more worth the money than the Snathi DLC, which I also enjoyed. Playing as the Mowlings is a lot of fun (and very cute). I, for one, would love to see more races from the Star Control series as the quirkiness is much welcome for a crazier universe!
I have been thinking that Stardock should merge their two space universes. Stardock creates the coolest space games!!!   Ever since Stardock created Star Control and Star Control 2, I have been their biggest fan.
I was hoping for more races than just four, but for the price of a big mac combo you definitly get your moneys worth from this dlc 7/10. I also feel the star control universe fits nicely with the gal civ world because both games have this humouous side to them.
Play the Mowlings and BOOM the galaxy for Jeff
I'll be honest. I haven't played it yet and haven't played GCIII in months but any DLC they release that has ship parts in it is an instant buy from me. I can't help it.
Why no Scryve or the faction of eight?
This is a really fun game.  I've never played eve online but I watched a lot of the game play online, only to be detoured from the multiplayer aspect.  This game has filled that void imo.  It's just really thought out and there is so much to do... well worth the purchase! Great UI and Graphics as well
Just about 10 hours in and its a nice armchair game. Graphics are not the greatest but it deff fills the eve void after I quit.
I'm soooo happy to have this game. It's renders like Eve though not Multiplayer, but as solo, very relaxing and simple. I would encourage any Space Junkie to get this one.
Huge improvement from the the first title, love this series. The developer(s) are attentive and proactive. Keep up the great work and I will continue to support you! Thank you for the good time
Stable all 11.9 hrs first go.  I like it.   Has an EVE feel to it.  Chose mining which works like EVE.  I can't wait to see how this develops.
ok, I have just over 3 hours in this game and love it. As a former EVE player the mechanics are very easy and familiar.  The only thing missing is other players trying to kill you while you mine, which is a good miss for me. In 3 1/2 hours I have hit level 4. I have trained skills, and am saving up for my next ship.  I highly recommend this game for people looking for fun; especially for EVE veterans who would like a single player EVE-like experience. Thumbs up. It is early access so be mindful this is not yet a finished product. It is  however, from what I have seen, a one person operation - so please give him your support.
I honestly don't remember how I discovered this gem, but I'm happy that I did. To be honest, after the first 25 hours the game does become a bit repetitive.  Missions are the standard go here, do that, return for reward.  Mining is the usual go here, blast rock, sell ore. There are few surprises at this stage of development, but it's still quite playable and entertaining.  Because the developer is so involved with the community, bugs get fixed usually within days when they're discovered. There is no story line to follow as yet, but I have no doubt it will be engrossing and enjoyable.    What is keeping me really interested is the developer's commitment to allowing users to mod the game to their liking. You can create your own ships.  You can script your own missions.  You can create your own Space Stations. Heck, you can even create your own Star System.  I'm sure that there will be an Astrox: Imperium Workshop in the future. In the meantime, I will be refining my mod and learning the ins and outs of the modding tools INCLUDED with the game. I'm not sure if this will get removed, but I think there are already a few mods available for download at nexus dot com.  This game is pretty much the best $15.00 I've spent in 40 years of gaming.  Don't hesitate, buy it now.
Astrox Imperium is a quieter more reflective space sim.  Astrox Imperium is Eve without grievers, gankers , fraudsters,  real life spies and all the problems that make it toxically unfun . Fun, Calming and engaging. ITs early access but there is a clear vision, highly recommended if you prefer slower paced games. If you want a fast pace, petal to the meddle dogfighting game skip it. Enough talk time to get my inner care bear on.
This game has a lotta potential to be something pretty good. Its not really my cup of tea, im a bit of a knuckle dragger and prefer more fast paced explodey type games.
YES! so. I've been enjoying Astrox since #1. I was playing EVE, and lets face it, most of us "new" players of EVE get flat out bored with it. There are no exciting battles, that you see on the tube or read in blogs,  Heck we don't even get far enough to even OPEN a spreadsheet, let alone make use of one, if we can even read how ti connects with the game.  So being the fun game server person I am, I started looking for a decent EVE PS, but they are sorely lacking big time. So did a search of "offline EVE" and what do you know - ASTROX came in to the results. While I did enjoy the first one, it did get repetitive, and did not quite have the EVE feel I was hoping for. The game in it self was great, but was still missing something.  The ASTROX IMPERIUM came out. NOOOWWWW it feels a lot like "solo-EVE". The depth of the 3D effects, missions and just about everything but the boring stuff. Now is it a "EVE OFFLINE" - not really, if anything, ASTROX IMPERIUM is a compliment to EVE. it has enough to be it's own game successfully, yet scratch that EVE ONLINE itch most of us have.   Now it is said in the wiki that it has a mix of homeworld, but I could not feel it. Maybe because I was searching for something a little more "faster" than EVE, without it being EVE.  ASTROX IMPERIUM is the ticket. Personally, I would compare this more towards the X series (earlier ones up to and including TC). However, I believe ASTROX IMPERIUM holds its own very well.  If you want a nice smooth space game,  or a very close EVE "offline" style - this is for you. ASTROX IMPERIUM is built way better than the first. And no, you do not need to play the first at all. The first one is a game all its own as well.  Enjoy!!  PS I know I mentioned EVE a lot in my opinion of ASTROX IMPERIUM, but that is what brought me here - I was looking for something that felt like eve, now I am hooked on ASTROX IMPERIUM and EVE has been shelved (prob permanently)
Super game! Have played over 100 hours. I don't have all of the medals yet but I'm piloting an RDR-1 Nova Reaper and have amassed 21428 skill points and am at 284 level with 1.7 Billion credits in the bank. I've completed all of the training to level 10. Just wish I knew what to do now with all of the skill points I've amassed.  It won't let me do more training above level 10. I just run around with my mercs shooting good and bad guys and structures making more skill points and money.  Getting to where I'm at was fantastic to say the least!  Still going to try and get all of the medals before I start over. (By the way I'm 75 years old and still gaming!)
Solid space sandbox. Very enjoyable. Think PvE Eve with out all the MMORPG mess. constant updates which are all making it better rather than reinventing what is already there. I can not wait to see what this wonderful game becomes with time.
great game, i love it so much !!! but with the super ship update, my game seems to be little broken...  the GPS system is broken and many ship have their elements non align...  but this is a very good game :)  (sorry for my english, i'm french)
its a good game even in this early stage. graphics have just had a good update, an it plays like an easy EVE i guess. after a while theres not much to do, but im sure this will change and get a bit more complex as time goes on, and for the price its well worth it to support this dev, as he always comes through and does a good job
Good game and value.  Good: #1 Resembles EVE PvE, like playing with Hot Wheels cars alone -vs- Los Angeles PvP traffic on a friday evening.  Good UI, resonsive on my laptop, variable difficulty on a few things, some of the the guts in the game saves are in .txt files so if you wanted to cheat or repair a bad 15 minutes... It is user friendly.  Bad: not much to complain about ( probably since I loved EVE PvE and that cost me over $500 in monthly subscriptions on several accts 2006 to 2011 ).  I had one tiny bug in a week+ of daily play.  Thumbs up
I purchased this game because I gas given a $20 gift card and didn't have the spare funds at the time to add anything to it.  And I hesitated to buy it, because other experiences have made me very distrustful of Early Access. I made the decision to buy mostly on the reputation of the developer.  As for the game itself, it has some way to go, but it is already worth the price.  There's a learning curve (which I enjoy), nice scenery, chill music, plenty to do even without the main story missions added yet, and a very helpful community. Not to mention a very active dev who is eerily quick to address any issues that come up.  Even if you are (like me) suspicious of early access titles, this one is worth your time and money.
I can say an hour and a half in that it's one of those "How did it get so late so quickly" games. So much more depth and polish than I was expecting thus far. Ill update my review soon, just wanted to show support with my initial impressions!
Not a bad little game, got the EvE Online vibe going on. I've found that the market and shipyard have duplicate items but this should be rectified by release, but on the whole it looks tidy, keep going Dev(s) your nearly there.
I have a great love for the mechanics of this game allowing for great ship customization and variety of ways to earn credits..  A very nice collection of ships and now the ability to own many ships and form fleets as well as fabrication of components with blueprints..  Missions have also been added!  Training missions are added along with the ability to repeat them which makes it a bit too easy to spam the drone combat missions and get 50k each time..   There is plenty of motivation to grind for credits as some of the higher end ships are over 30 million..  This game is a deeply satisfying  space sim with so many different elements in play which makes this a true classic..  The game gets frequently updated and this already feels like a complete product..  RECOMMENDED!  B1trider
Everything good about the first Astrox Game, (easy to play--waypoint navigation, but in-depth choices for people who like to tinker with item fabrication and skills, or even hands-on flying) but with Fleets, Factions, better graphics, and things like base building planned. Look forward to this.   Sometimes you just want a chill space game, that isn't shallow.
If you are looking for the Chill of space but don't like people, look no further.  Get this game because the developer knows exactly how you feel and is creating the game you wished you were playing, minus the toxic community, and for the cost of a single month sub fee.  There is an impressive amount of detailed content and although the ship textures and weapon models are as-of-yet crude, I can see how this was pinned for future updates in return for a solid game that is enjoyable and rewarding.  In it's current state it's more than worth the $15 usd I paid, but if that $15 can keep this developer from eating old shoes while he completes his vision, I'm IN!  You should be too. 
After playing for 30 hours i can say that i'm loving this little gem of a game. Do not let the early access part scare you it is a real good game already and it is bound to get even better.   The community is really great and will try to help you in anyway they can. Also the updates we are getting are really good and regular (every few days) I like the way the developer thinks, first get rid of the bugs then add more stuff.  
The simplest thing to say:  This is the best space game ever!  The reason is very simple - this game yanks you out of your chair and puts you in a starship.  The overwhelming feeling of being in space has to be experienced to be believed.  I have played space games for twenty years and have never seen a game this good.  Review continues:  I now have 142 hours in the game.  It continues to get better and better.  The game has the ability to make you feel you belong to another world.  And it is clear the developer truly cares about the universe he is creating.
it early access and dev actively adding more content.
A wonderful game, all in all. Much more depth than the previous Astrox, which although bare-bones-ish was still a wonderful experience. This game simply adds on to it exponentially
Astrox Imperium is the Pegi13, baby sibling, PvE carebear only, very simplified, single player version of EvE Online.  If its such a watered down version on EvE, then why my positive score?.... because what it does, it does very well; especially for such an early release. Personally I feel this game is a great tutorial for those that want to try a small fraction of what EvE has to offer or not fussed about the multi-player PvP aspect of the game.  I see the developer is super active with fixes and commentary in discussions, that’s a huge bonus.  Especially for us players that have experienced soo many bad early access games with *shite* Devs.  For me I don’t see a long timespan of game interest, the PvE missions aren’t varied or deep enough to keep my interest long-term but again I’m really enjoying current gameplay. Interested to see if the Dev's can pump out content fast enough to keep drawing me in :) Balancing still needs a lot of work; I’m lv4 and still can’t solo a lv1 Pirate (recent fix to lasers didn’t help much).  Summary - if you remove the following from EvE you have Astrox. Multiplayer Thousands of Systems Suns, Planets, Moons, Player Owned Stations, Wormholes Solo, Small Fleet, Large Battle PvP Thousands of active and passive modules Real economy and player driven market Many many ships Hundreds of skills Implants High end graphics  Note: I’m not trying to promote EvE over Astrox, but if you not just base but near 100% copy an established well known game, you’d expect comparisons.  Again I’m giving this game a thumbs up for current game play and trust the Devs will continue with implementing tons of extra features and content along its roadmap.   Addition.  Now at 26 hours and still enjoying the game.. think at lv 25 and have fleet of 4 carriers and nothing much can hurt me, but am carrying on.
the game is allmoust ok... just .. now, after the 45 update, it is a selfdownloading mission and he take more then 5 mill on case of failing ... so for ex. i had allmoust 4.500.000 for a new cruiser and ...surprise... that "gost" mission eat-it all the money.... so, i know it is early access but ... more attention please ... I LOVE THIS GAME
I am enjoying this game a lot.   Love sci-fi but I normally I have trouble playing space and flying games because of the disorientation from flying in three dimensions. Usually I play games with my feet on the ground.  In Astrox you can successfully fly your ship from a tactical view (space bar to activate) that allows you to choose the weapon(s) and the target without having to take the cockpit view and fly it yourself. Of course for you pilots out there you can still do that if you want.  Combat is busy. You can hire up to 10 mercs to fly with you and you will certainly encounter enemy fleets of 10 or more at a time.  It may be early access but the devs get bug fixes out in a day or two or even same day. Not a singe game breaking problem in the 20+ hours I have played. Some features are not fully implemented yet but there is still lots to do in the game.  Tons of skills and missions for you RPGers out there. You can specialize in mining, scanning, trading, delivery, enforcing the law or pirating. Within combat there are lasers (no ammo but uses a lot of energy) or beam, projectile, missile and torpedo weapons that all use ammo of different types and different prices.   Your skill points are somewhat limited so you need to have a long term plan. There are enough skill points available to try various play styles without totally gimping your character.  One nice feature is you can adjust game speed, death penalty, space harshness and resource respawn rates at any time.  You can't fly around in space forever. You will need to stop at starbases occasionally to restore your energy and life support. Better gear and skill extends your life support. If you are mining in a remote system you may be limited by your cargo hold or your life support or pirates.  My current low to mid tier ship has 5 weapon slots, 5 passive slots and 4 life support slots. I could use a slot to allow me to deploy droids of a few different types.  Maybe I will buy a carrier ship next that has droid slots built in. Ships are also modable so expect to see some unusual ships in the future.  I also have 6 mercs flying with me in my fleet with a daily salary.  The game is fun and well worth the money.
This game is shaping up to be something really special. While undeniably comparable to other grindy space games like Eve Online, Starpoint Gemini,  and the X series, Astrox Imperium has its own distinctive mechanics and personality. The RPG elements in particular are brilliant.  I'm fairly certain the "Developer", as it is commonly called, is actually an alien AI from some distant galaxy, as it seems to require no sleep or sustenance. It apologizes when a week goes by with no update. I think it may have apologized once. I think it is trying to provide us with a game that we can't stop playing so the aliens who made it can invade Earth while we are distracted.  I would recommend not buying this game, just in case.
I always liked the other game from this developer, however felt it left short what was possible. It was like eVe without the trolly playerbase, allowing is just to get on and mine and battle ai. This iteration is much more full feeling with apparently plenty to do and lots to explore on the way. I hope the developer wont mind me saying it but again, it is eVe without the griefing. Great job. I look forward to spending happy hours pushing back the frontiers. Great support from the developer too, he is very active with updates and replies. Great job.
Only my second review so I don't often feel the urge to praise or condemn a game or developer.  This game however moved me to praise the developer.  THIS is the open world space game I would code if I could.  I have only been playing a week or 2 and already there are some great quality of life changes as well as some rebalancing and bug fixes.  This game is still Early Access (but fully playable) so I know some things are not implemented yet but I love the direction it is going.  Reminds me of Eve Online (maybe not to you) without all the ganking.  Thank you Jace, great work.
Games a work in progress, but is already showing promise.  Worth a look if you like space sim games.
This is a fun space game that's great for when you're wanting to play something that's not too heavy or just have a little bit of time to play.
First off, this game isnt for twitch happy players, spaceflight is calculated, dogfighting is more of a slow spiral and not much room for any tactics (until late game). Those that want immersive action packed seat of the pants games, try something differant.  Now, for those that enjoy a game you can sip coffee to, that still retains challenge enough to demand your thoughts to be at attention even after shutting the game down...  Keep reading.  The visuals for this is actually really good, makes you feel like you are in the vastness of space. the environment is stunning, the music is worth keeping at a volume you can hear, and the ship/module effects are good, but none of it is so GPU or CPU intensive that you end up playing chess with a lower end gaming rig.  We've all played early access games that arent worth the 5 bucks, but this game is definately worth the 15. You can set it as hardcore or as laid back as you want. Even laid back you will encounter enough challenge to make you want to give up, but still come back to it. Hardcore will give you that moment of humility when you think you've gotten to where you think you're the toughest in the game.  TL;DR: Worth the 15 bucks, the Developer deserves every penny.
Ever wondered what EVE Offline would be like? Well, wonder no longer, you're looking at it! Or at least...you will be once this absolute gem gets further along in development. Even at this stage, it is an amazing game, with a very attentive and dedicated developer. Maybe just calling it EVE Offline is a bit over simplified...think of all the best elements of EVE, Freelancer, the X series, and a few others, plus some things all its own!  Seriously, if any of those titles held your interest for more than 10 minutes, you owe it to yourself to play this game!
This is definitely a game. It’s a good game. Not a great game, but it has the potential to be a great game.  the bones here are solid. You start out with almost nothing and you make a living. You buy better equipment. You work up the nerve to attack some baddies. You get more money, buy better ships, get better equipment, rinse and repeat. It's addictive, and more importantly, it's fun.    But it isn't great. The combat is lackluster. There's plenty going on- missiles flying all over the place, 20mm guns tearing away... but there's hardly any sound. Even on the highest settings you can't hear the battle around you. Maybe that’s a stylistic choice, but it dampens the feel of epic space combat.    Venture out from the main hub of the starting area and you'll notice some things are off. Not every station has every activity, granted... but some don’t even have a garage. You get banged up too far out and you can't repair. Or you go out and find a great mining spot then realize there's no market. Worse yet, say you left some equipment at a space station.... you can see which station has your property, but not which system it's in.   Graphics are both amazing and meh at the same time. The scenery is absolutely amazing, but ship textures are lack luster. That’s understandable, but it really is a shame considering just how good the rest of the game looks.   For all of that, though, this game is definitely a buy. The dev is active, passionate, and open. Hes trying new things, and what he's got here is solid. This game isn't great, but it could be.    The mechanics already exists to put you on the bridge of a warship in tactical command. That would make this game great.    If there were a system in place to take over and conquer systems and the galaxy as a whole, that would make this game great.    These things don’t exist now, but from what I've seen, I have absolute faith in this developer. Even if it doesn’t end up being the masterpiece that I'm hoping it will be with a sprawling empire and your own bridge of your very own battlecruiser, it's still a solid game that you can sink hours into.    So it’s a good game, and if you like good games, show the dev some love and pick this on up.
This is such a great "playing a game while watching TV game", and one I had been looking forward to.
Just my type of space.  Dark, bleak and lonely but with a beauty all it's own.  Still EA but I wouldn't call this bare bones as of April 2019, there's enough to learn and enjoy in the Astrox Imperium universe that we can all have fun whilst the dev works away at expanding the horizon.   This is a great way to support a person who has a mission to bring us a game world we can escape into, partake in and truly enjoy.  I think it looks spectacular and plays really well, with enough of a crossover in words and ideas from the first Astrox game for us Astrox players to understand it easily.  It looks and plays very differently though.      Gets a highly recommended from me.
Shut up and take my money.   I havent played very much at all, but I like the idea and a committed developer is always welcome.  I will say that in the first game which i also bought I didn't like seeing that raw asteroids were worth considerably more than the usable elements they break down into, that makes no sense.  Its super important that the economy make sense, so why not just simulate a real economy? then it does it all for you, you don't have to decide how much anything costs.
This game is a total time vampire I'll start playing and say to myself only for a couple minutes and 12 hrs later the wife will be yelling at me the kid will be asleep at my feet and I'll be saying only kill one more raider only mine one more asteroid.  It reminds me of an offline Eve Online which is something I've always wanted. The graphics and gameplay are really great especially for an early access game. Get it you will love it if you ever liked playing a space game.
If you are looking for another space game that satisfies your need to own your own space faring ships, move freight through space, fight, protect, mine many types of ores, find crates in space, take Assassin jobs, build a fleet, explore, and so much more; Astrox Imperium is the game your looking for. The game style has been described as being a single player, stand alone Eve Online without the issues Eve has been plagued with, but also refined into a much more enjoyable gaming experience.  This game really satisfies the elements we look for, and so enjoy in a Space Sandbox game.   The Developer is a lone wolf programmer, and he is extremely dedicated. The Developer wanted to create a game he wanted to play, and Love, and it truly shows. Astrox Imperium is in early access, but is a fully playable, immersive, and just plain fun experience right now.  The Developer is feverishly working on Updates, and working to expand the game as is rolls forward.  You can not go wrong with downloading Astrox Imperium.
Great game! Waiting for more content and mods. Keep up the good work.
Pretty fun space game, kinda limited on content and a bit janky but worth screwing around with.
Wanted to write a short review, after reading other reviews it makes it hard for me to come up with anything that hasnt already been said. I will say that the Dev is all over this game, in and out of forum posts and puts out an update ea day. This is the kind of Dev you wish every game had backing it up !   To get the best experience you need to just play this game and let the Dev know what you think about it, just straight and forward and to the point ! He is setting it up to where it will keep playing long afterwards with the sandbox creation mode, redesign and create new scenarios or change and create your own maps. Dont forget his own unique personally created music !
Randomly clicked on this game when it popped up on my storefront,saw a few references to EvE and jumped right in. The game is pretty damn functional for its release state,played for nearly 6 hours and have seen nothing that is game breaking and very little that is annoying.  The controls soon become intuitive (though seem twitchy when zoomed out) and the UI soon becomes second nature.My only real gripe is that the map switches to galaxy view too soon when zooming out from system view.  Really have high hopes for this game,I played EvE from 05 through to 15 and as much as I loved it I didn't have the time to play as much as needed.Hope this can fill that hole.
For all eve players who feel like they dont fit in anymore as the game becomes more and more casual and p2w. The devs are active with the community which is small but picking up steam.  Built in modding support that anyone can use pretty much desighn your own ships (not that you need to with 90+ ships already in game) overall recomended will only get better with time.
Excellent game!  As a rule, I no longer purchase early access games, but I made an exception here.    I believe this developer will see this game through to completion.  He is a one man shop, but has already finished a game which was very well received.  If you want to get a feel for the game and developer before purchasing, you can check out his YouTube channel.  He has been pretty consistent in posting dev log videos which show off the details of the game as he implements them.    I learned quite a bit from watching his videos.  He explains things that I had not noticed, which gave me a greater appreciation of all that is happening in the game.  There seems to be a good bit of depth there already and he still has a lot of ideas that are not yet implemented.  One thing I REALLY like is that this game is very moddable.  That opens up huge possibilities and may insure this game has a long and prosperous life.  It seems to be very reasonably priced and if you think you would like and open world, single player space game similar in style to Eve Online, then I highly recommend that you pick it up.
Jace has done a fantastic job in such a short time with this game. And he updates frequently.  Obviously, there are some problems that need addressed, but it appears, as mentioned above, he is updating frequently. For an EA game, this is pretty darn stable, and I've never had a crash. However, I don't know if this is an optimization problem or what, but the game makes my laptop run hard and hot. I use an I7-6500U 2.60GHz quad with 12.0GB of RAM, and a GTX950 graphics card, so it should run smoothly on excellent settings, but again, runs quite hot. Although the Steam app itself has ran my cpu up quite a few times, and jacks with my wi-fi, so it could be Steam.  Anyway, some things I'd like to address: I have dabbled quite a bit in the ship and items editors because I love creating things. However,  I was a bit disappointed with both. Let me explain! First, the ship editor is pretty awesome, but for one thing: I don't know if I'm just missing something or just dumb, but when you make a  ship, all the details turn out great except for the Active Modules. For some reason, adding the active modules don't show up on the ship in game, but passive modules do. Don't know if  anyone else is having this problem.  Second, the items editor was kind of the most disappointing. Unless I'm missing something, all you can do is edit Items, not create more. But then why have an editor if you can't add new items to the game, which is one of the reasons why I bought it, along with the ship editor. I love the premise of making a space game the way I like to play them, which means being able to mod the crap out of it. And you can, but too limited. So what are the editors good for then? The editors are great for tweaking and adjusting the game the way you want, and if you can't do it in the editors, you can do it through the game files, save from what I mentioned above. I even switched what started ship I received for one of my saves.  Jace makes most of the files easy to navigate and readily available to use. So, you could copy an item, paste it, rename it, and then tweak it. But you should be able to do this in the editor.  I understand that this game is early access, so bigger problems people are having with gameplay itself, and functionality should be addressed first, such as not being able to click on asteroids in some systems, or the oddness of trying to get manual control of your ship when autopilot wants to keep taking over. But these, for some of us, are not real game braking bugs and will probably be fixed soon.   So, in conclusion, the game, as many have said, is the pve Eve that many are looking for, including myself. I played Eve for over 10 years with many thousands of hours of game play. I no longer play it because of the jerky community, but this....this game can be a glorious succession of Eve in solo game play. Keep up the great work, Jace! Oh, and Jace, please fix the ship editor active modules  not showing during game play, when you get a chance. Lol.  Now I must go back into the Imperium!
Excellent single player space opera in Early Access.   Small one man dev team, it might not have 4K textures and an uninspired board driven million dollar budget, but its clear the game is a work of love by the author.  Fresh and lots of fun if you like all things sci-fi interstellar.  Extensive ship customization and a variety of deep game play modes such as trade, combat, mining, etc.  Dev is pretty active developing the game with frequent updates and very engaged with community, go over to the Astrox Imperium Discord channel.  Early Access game has some rough edges but the dev is very responsive with patching.  No storyline yet, but Astrox Imperium is already extremely playable as a sandbox, very fun, and hours of content.
Eve offline, that's all you need to know, if you were looking for it, this is it
Usually not writing reviews, but this time I think I have to.  Short description:  Currently you "only" can play campagne, sandbox mode to be implemented in future. You start with basically nothing like a small ship in a quit huge universum with different factions, where you have to find your role (pirate? trader? miner? Whatever you like...).   Pro's:   - RPG elements (level up character, get skill points, invest in one of the the over 100 abilities) - Mercenaries (different types like miner, transporter, fighters), they also level up and get better ship stats! - Graphic (big, nice universum, ships look amazing imo) - Missions which also adds skill points - Crafting/refining - nice difficulty level (the more you explore the universe, the more difficult it gets with more pirate attacks, but also with better ship equipment/ ore to mine) - the developer (this guy is AMAZING). Fixing bugs withing very short time AND developping the game . Don't know how this is even possible, creating such a game with only one (main) developper...  Cons: - after 60 hours playtime I could use more content soon :)   I only can recommend this game and to support this developper. He is the reason, I finally wrote a review again.  Overall I would rate it easily like a 10/10. I would probably rate it slightly lower if Its made by a big game company, but well, it would be still a very good game... 
EVE offline, more or less which is a _good_ thing. Never played EVE bc the usual Goons and pvp stuff made it not worth it, but I liked the idea alot. Even extremely early into EA it seems  like a full game from what i've seen so far.
Seems to be working fine on linux via steamplay/proton 4.2.1! Gj! I was owner of the original and was excited to learn of this new version. Keep it goin plz! Only bug I ran into so far was when I changed app focus out to steam to write this review ;) Couldn't get focus back on the game, but otherwise great. Looking forward to scratching my eve mining itch ;)
This game has loads of potential. It's not 100% done yet, but I believe in a year it will be more polished with many of the planned features. In a few years it will be a real gem. Jace made a great first astrox game and I'm amazed at the stuff he does, by himself! Visually it is beautiful and I can't wait to see what Jace does with this great framework he's created. I've never actually met this guy but my impression has been hes a real solid dude. Worth $15.
It's Eve Online, without the Nerds, Gankers and pod-killers. Ten thumbs up!
Still a little rough around the edges but for 15 bucks i'll support the dev and i have faith it will improve.
This game has a while to go before it's complete, but don't let that stop you. Lots of great ideas and has the right amount of action/mining/economy. If this and Stellar Tactics had a baby it would be the answer to all of our sci-fi prayers. The developer is very professional and thoughtful. You may want to wait another month until the bugs are worked out, but it's a must buy if you like these types of games.  7 out of 10 (lack of content hurts it)
I'm going to give this a thumbs up,  yes like others have mentioned it has that pve eve online feel to it. Which is cool. Perfect? Of course not it's early access after all. I'm just judging the game by it's current state. It needs work but what's there is enjoyable.  If you like similar games.
its similar to eve, a decent core of a game. This is not a finished product there will be bugs. the UI is decent but the 3d models leave a lot to be desired.
Not out of the tutorial yet (most of my play time currently as orig review date was sitting on the phone chatting to a mate :P)  But - this game!!! **PLEASE UNDERSTAND ITS EARLY ACCESS!!!** (you will encounter bugs/crashes/issues, if you have never played an early access before either do NOT buy this game OR if you do DO NOT complain about **issues!!!** (bring it to the attention of the dev for sure, just do not flame him) - the amount of people who QQ over an EA game *oh its not finished, don't waste your time blah blah QQ* and leave a negative review JUST because of this do not *get it*)  Now, with that aside, this game is so much better than the original - granted, the HSE was the first one in the series - it COULD only get better from there, but what we have got (as everyone keeps saying) Is a single player EVE Online/X-Lite - and it plays VERY similar (even down to the tutorial and 9.9 *blue* etc)  Currently it is very stable, and i have had zero issues in my ~ 20>30 mins **active** play time  This game has been very well thought out, graphics are nice and simple - but not horrible either  Yes there are spelling mistakes (early access remember? and i do not think the dev's language is native English *i'm a Brit you see*)  Only issue i am aware of currently is that it *feels* as if you are flying on a *flat plain* (cant navigate up or down while flying) but when on auto pilot if anything is above/below you target wise, it will fly 360 - this is the only issue i have.  I will update my review as i have played more hours   **and to be frank - sorry but i never *got on* with HSE - not saying i didn't like it, the first sector was fun - but that game was too *hardcore* for me after the first sector, but dev says this one is a bit more balanced and randomly generated and bigger, for me i have yet to experience that due to play time**   currently after ~ 30 mins 8/10  UPDATE:  As you can see how very *eve* like this is - also i love the way it plays, very intuative. https://www.dropbox.com/s/unxfur123l4klfg/Screenshot%202019-03-27%2023.48.19.png?dl=0  https://www.dropbox.com/s/gwgralfda6ra2fe/Screenshot%202019-03-27%2023.55.03.png?dl=0  https://www.dropbox.com/s/962c225by3vhpp5/Screenshot%202019-03-27%2023.55.08.png?dl=0  Oh and this is what the star map looks like now (just about to explore a few gates) NOT linear at all by the looks  https://www.dropbox.com/s/1kl9g0lryrq7scy/Screenshot%202019-03-28%2000.04.47.png?dl=0  Also you can see the extent of the Graphics, just goes to show you do not need full on 4k + 500 HD monitors at 200 inches to have fun!!!  (yes that is an over-exageration and it is a deliberate one :P  Just about to mine  a load more rocks to fund my travels...  Also i think the life support system is a great addition, makes you need to think a lot more about where you can go with what utilities you have etc (yes... waste management is a thing! you can even buy Diapers :P)  my 8/10 has now become a 10/10
Over the years I Googled "single player Eve" so many times. I never got anything that really scratched that itch. Well until now that is.  It's slow paced, relaxing. Has all the same kinds of mechanics as Eve without the daunting hastle and peer pressure.  So far tons of fun.
Holy Crap guys, I love this so much. Eve online, offline. like a less complicated x tension
Update to my review:  I still stick with the original review as said below, however,  I'd be remiss if I didn't update with my experiences thus far, considering the updates and developer response, so here goes...  Updates have been coming fast, very fast.  I am very impressed with the development team, not only with the game updates, but also with how they respond to the community.  The dev team are doing a great job and deserve some encouragement.  In my humble opinion I feel that this Early Access experience is one of the best that I have had in a very long time.    _________Original review below________  An Ambitious project for a small developer who actually listens and is very active.  If space is your thing and you like sandbox-style games, I highly recommend it.  Sure, there are things that will be re-worked or "polished", but it is already happening based on player feedback.  As far as Early Access games go I think this one is a winner and I am happy to support the developer with this purchase.  Features important to me: - It's a space game. - You can forge your own path (Miner, merchant, fighter, manufacture) - There is a focus on exploration. - Some aspects can be adjusted or completely negated if it's not your cup of tea (IE configurable and getting more so) - Modability is built in to some extent and seems to be a feature that will be developed further.  I won't dwell on what some people may see as negative aspects since it is Early Access and the developer listens to reasonable feedback/suggestions.  So if there's something that looks odd, or rubs you the wrong way, just post a well thought out opinion with suggestion or question on the discussion forum and see what develops.
Fantastic game with a solid base entering early access. Built from the ground up to be very mod friendly and bringing a huge amount of gameplay.  Easily worth twice the price or more in it's current state in my opinion and for me after 20 hours of play I've hardly scratched the surface. I'm looking forward to enjoying the mid and late game experience! 
Game is really fun but slow at start like most games and still in devlopment as we speek the devs aswome and allways helpfull on the discord
Read!!!
Do you like a relaxing Mining experience?  Do you like the idea of moving thru the beauty and vastness of space?  Do you wish you could go your own way solo in a space game?  Do you wish for a Singleplayer game with good Dev support?  Do you wish for an Easily moddable game to talor to YOUR desires?  Do you enjoy a slower more "Star Trek" style of space battles and non-high twitch fights?  Did you try Eve online and despair you would never "get up on it" but liked the idea?   IF you answered "YES" to  ANY of these poorly written questions.....ASTROX IMPERIUM is for you.
I bought the first one and loved it, it was very simple. This really does take it to the next level and really want to see it fleshed out and it will definitely be something great.  3hrs in so far and i have to say its really cool and like a single player eve, which needs to happen, but glitchy as all hell to a game breaking point. My ships fly side ways and dont ever reach their objective and some of the ally ai is tricky to trigger in certain scenarios, path making can be really bad, and some graphical glitches.  Lots of content from what i had seen thus far, and is stupid easy to make a lot of money real quick, by hiring out mining vessels and hire big rigs, take them low sec mining and bam poop tons of isk. Which totally needs to be fixed.  My biggest problem with the game is lack of fleet control, cant order individual ships tasks...  Should you buy it? Not in this stage honestly and i will totally give it a huge thumbs down if these issues are not addressed.
Its a single player Eve Online for the cost of 1 months sub to Eve and no griefers.  If thats the type of thing you are looking for then this is what you are after!
Brilliant game with a discount for owning the other game too <3
Good game so far, as everyone else is saying it's pretty much an offline Eve style game which hits all the right notes for my personal taste symphony.  I haven't delved too deep so far but looking forward to exploring further.
Sooo, was only able to play for a few minutes. Tried to find a way to invert the mouse and could not. It is backwards for anyone that plays with true direction flight controls. (pull back for up, push forward for down).  So, basically, unplayable atm. Can fix?   ...or did I just miss the invert checkbox someplace?  On Edit: Not sure what was fixed. I stumbled painfully out of the starter station and am scooting around in space ok.  This game has massive potential, so good review remains.
AAAA++++++
I'm really enjoying this game.   Solid EA start and the dev is active in the discussions pages answering questions and logging bugs to fix.
Here, we have an open world, free form space game with RPG elements. Having played the first Atrox game, I suppose I have a leg up on what to expect, but still. The comparisons to EVE are inevitable, but this is very much it's own game.  The game elements themselves are excellent. Quite a variety of ships, equipment and even skills to train in and it's not even complete yet. The graphics are also very well done, as it does use the Unity engine that seems to have gained a huge following with game developers in general. The tutorials offered are more then enough to get one upto speed about playing the game and teaching the various aspects, though most anyone who has played a space game will be familar with most of it already.  I highly recommend this game, even at this early stage. It's fantastic now, and it'll only get better as the rest of the features are filled out, and any bugs and issues are squashed. These types of games, that is open world space with capital ships are so very rare, that the developer deserves special mention for making a game, and a good one at that, in this almost deserted genre. Well done, indeed.  EDIT: Forgot to mention, kudos to the dev for slapping EVE across the face, by including a token amount of "training" timers for skills. That's awesome and funny. :D  UPDATE: Further time playing, has only cemented my originally opinion. This is the game that many people have been waiting for, for a very long, long time. All of the things that make EVE great, without all the toxic players that ruin it.  The UI needs much work to be more intuitive, and there are no tooltips as to what many stats do or effect, but most of them are self explantory. Though some good tooltips would still be helpful.  All in all, I'm going be enjoying this baby for some time.
If you like EvE you'll enjoy this a ton. The learning curve is hard at first, but after the first hour or two you'll quickly understand what's going on.  If I had advice for a new player, buy good life support items. That will allow you to explore easier. It's very replayable, with many sectors & many many skills. It doesn't feel like a grind either.  I found 380k (a lot of $ for a beginner) worth of items in the debris of a random pirate I killed. Amazing.  Dev is working on this game often enough. It's a hidden gem, give it a go!
This is a lot of fun.  The original game was a great and rather relaxing way to spend some time, but this sequel is so much richer.  More variety in basically everything, from missions to ships, equipment, factions, crafting.  Now it has fleet building, industry, construction.  This isn't a fast action game, the pacing is relaxed and planing and ship outfitting is more important than reflexes.  This review is still for the EA game, so I am still looking forward to seeing it grow.  But there is already a large and bustling universe to explore and participate in, and lots to do.
My first impression of this game is wow, so much stuff for that price? I really enjoyed my first 7 hours in the game and for an early access game it’s been so far a smooth experience.  Played the first game called Astrox: Hostile Space Excavation so I know what a great dev this is and his dev blogs during the development have been great to get an insight to what’s coming, and I’m not disappoint, quite the opposite.  The game is about starting with a small amount of cash, one ship and then start to build you character and the stuff around him/her to what you want it to be. A miner, a mission jockey, a bounty hunter, a pirate and so on. There is some tutorial stuff in the beginning, but you are hurled out into this universe to explore and figure out yourself and I love that. I do feel that it will help if you played the type of games like EVE, x-series and so on to understand what’s expected of you to do moving forward. You make mistakes, but you learn from them and I don’t feel the cost for mistakes is to high. Graphics are good and I’m so far enjoying my time in this universe and I can see myself spending a lot more time in this game.  The only thing that is a bit annoying so far is quality of life stuff like, filter options, search options, how the scans of facilities and gates need to be redone every time you leave a system, but this is normal in an early access game and I’m sure the dev will address this once the feedback starts pouring in.  The support from dev and alpha testers have been great so far both with fast answers in the forums on steam and the discord they have with friendly help and so far, they have been able to help me with all my questions. 
Very well done for an EA game. Classic open world 'space game'. Lots of content and very high quality even at this stage. I have the first version of this 'Hostile Space Excavation'. The first one although content limited demonstrated the attention to detail and high standards of this developer. This one is light years better. 100% recommended!
EVE Online in Single Player! The journey that was hinted at in the phenomenal oringinal ASTROX game is finally here.  I have been waiting and watching this game since the very first dev blog and this is the RARE game that actually lives up to and exceeds the expectations and hype of the fan base from the original.  This solo dev is nothing short of amazing in what he has been able to produce and present a really fun and smooth game right from EA launch.  Just watch the trailer for this and know that its even more fun in action with none of the gate camping and general BS that is EVE involved.  I get a kick that even the modules and upgrades system has been somewhat modeled after EVE.  This game has some amazing ambient space music that is really very cool and adds to the atmosphere.  I have played hundreds of games and own just about every other space game like this but this is very special.  Do yourself a favor and just click the buy button for the measly $13.50 or so that it costs right now before i can convince the Dev that he is selling himself way too short!
Looks like a solid EA start and there is good hope the game won't be abandonware.  Can't wait to play more! - I'm a huge EVE fan.  Edit: Yeah, it's good! Hopefully we get more detailed graphics to ships and stations!
Th game is interesting and enjoyable, if still a bit unpolished. Takes a bit to get used to the interface and navigating around the universe. Lots of potential if development continues. I am also curious to see what the possibilities of the modding are.
I know a great game when I see one... The presentation alone reeks of QUALITY! Even an this very early stage I am certain that Astrox Imperium is going to be a success and one of my, if not my most favorite game.  
Great game for space junkies.  As many other reviewers have already said, its got a nice Eve Online PVE, but solo play vibe going on.  The graphics are beautiful and runs very fast, I was hitting 250 fps on my 5yr old I5 GTX 970 rig until I turned on the Vsync to give my video card a break.  Obviously it stayed glued to 60fps after that.  No hitching or stutters, just smooth as glass.  I very much look forward to where this game is going to end up with a start like this.   Very nice work Momoguru, very nice indeed.
Eve offline :) whats not to like? Everything that makes Eve great, none of the PvP Goons to wreck your fun!
ASTROX IMPERIUM > Epic Game Store
If you like EVE online, you will like this, it's the same but singleplayer and offline. Absolutely fantastic game.
Looking very awesome for early access l love the Eve feel to it great job!
Solo PVE EVE Online.
First :D  But in all seriousness.  I've been playing Astrox since the day it first dropped on Kongregate.  I was never disappointed in it.  It was everything good about Eve, and incremental games, and sandbox space rpg flight sim strategy.    Then, when Momoguru dropped a deluxe version on Steam, I was one of the first to buy it up.  Again...not disappointed for a second.  The continued developer support was pure love, and it did nothing but make the game better.  And then, one day.  Momoguru said unto his people "There shall be no more updates of Astrox.  But hearken, for I shall go into the digital wastes for 500 days, and upon my return, I shall bring you a new Astrox!  One that overcomes the limitations of the previous game, and takes it to heights ne'er before dreamed of!"  And then, a time later, a dev log was released, and the people saw that it was good, and thus began the Second Development Era, in which we all waited with bated breath for Imperium to drop.  And now it's here, and I have started a character and played all of 30 minutes, and I am already in love.  If you are a previous player of the Astrox series...why are you even reading this...hit that but button.  You won't be disappointed.  If you are new to Astrox, and you're wondering "Is this worth getting?"  The answer is a resounding "Yes!"    I have been playing Momoguru's games since 2011, and I have never met a more community-driven developer.  I mean, there's a frood who really knows where his towel is.  So yeah...I'll likely add to this review when ive got 1000 hours under my belt, but for now, suffice to say, if space sims are in any way shape or form your thing, then this will be the best 15 bucks you've ever spent.
tl;dr; Get if you're into 360 painting. If you're looking to make cube maps, it's not supported (yet?).  Only tried on screen, can't talk about VR side as I've not tried it. Absolute gem of the Steam's software section. Provides you the tools to make a compelling panorama pictures currently for example into Facebook. At the moment it already feels good and provides extensive brush setting (and photoshop brush import option), there's left handed version which I as a leftie appreciate a whole bunch. You can animate the panoramas and generate heightmaps as well. It's basically a slightly limited painting program with 360 support.  When it develops further though, the possibilities could be unlimited and me I'm personally eager to see if I could use this (eventually) to make a skybox or a cubemap somehow.  + Feels good + Pen support + Unique concept + Photoshop brush import + Animation + Working UI (with considerate touches, though each click only closes 1 menu at a time can be bit frustrating) + Runs on Surface Pro (even on battery saving mode) + Responsive Dev  +/- Importing pictures is possible, though it seems we can't import 3D objects yet. +/- Guides (though bit hard to position as there's no snapping, you have to wing it) +/- Exporting to panorama, but can't export to cubemap (or at least into 6 slice pictures where one could create a cubemap)  - Some bugs that caused a lock up (I kept clicking same spot with polyline tool) - No touch support for rotating camera (you can finger paint though) - Can't tell exact value numbers in brush, grid etc. settings - Paint bucket fills the whole screen (e.g. selecting an area to fill would be nice) - Selection line is black which is invisible against black background  That's most I could think of at the moment.
I like it. It's very immersive. I like to make some 360 art.
This is a fantastic piece of software, I gotta say. It definitely is an amazing new way to paint. I love how intuitive it feels and how easy it is to use. After about ten minutes of fiddling around with it, I was able to figure everything out. This is a definite must for any concept artist out there, especially those that love to paint environments. I'm pretty jazzed about all the things that I'm gonna do with this software. I've only played with it for 1.5 hrs so far, but I haven't had any issues with it as of this posting.
Cool little game that is fun. Just wish there was an option to disable screen shake... @!!
A nice and fun little game that doesn't seem to get any attention at all and it certainly deserves at least some.  Pros: [list] [*] Surprisingly good keyboard controls for 360 degree back/forward movement. [*] Agressive AI with bullets flying fast enough you actually have to think [i]before[/i] you've been shot at. [*] Destructible environment is fun in any game, and when it involves tanks even more so. [*] Five difficulty levels that actually significantly impact difficulty, so more replayability. [/list]  Cons: [list] [*] Could definitely use more content and variety. [*] UI is not quite perfect (having to wait a few seconds after dying is a bit annoying) [/list]  In the end, I found it entertaining and will keep playing from time to time, and that's all that really counts.
Was baie beter as wat ek gedink het. Goeie spel.
This is one of the few games that got me hooked. It has a stunning graphic,Very nice Gameplay. The movement is also smooth. And the combat is fun a/f! It kinda reminded me of a more action based Tomb Raider thingy with the small puzzles and collectables , but also kinda of Doom from combat aspect. I love both of them so. I really hope there is more coming to this masterpiece. 
Man, what can I say.  This is exactly the game I've been dreaming of making. Fast paced gunplay with melee, everything wrapped up with energy attacks, dashing and pulse waves.  Great demo, I really hope to see a full game now that there's proper development, the combat experience this game offers is everything I've ever wanted!
First of all, I really enjoyed playing.   Now a bit of +/- What is cool is: -Graphic is amazing -Variety of combo and action batteling system  -Amazing combination of  sword and autometic weapon attacks  Some of minuses: -Still to short (but we should remember that it is still in early access) -To my mind, sometimes lack of enemies -Sometimes you lose points in hystory  So, to conclude, it is an amazing game. Basically, it combines DOOM, Devil May Cry, and something from Tomb Rider and as a reasult we have fast pace shooter that has you performing combos with both your guns and your abilities and all of this with cool graphics. What is more exciting here that this game crated by a single developer, of course it  has some minuses BUT all of them covered.  P.S. I am  looking forward for updates and surely will recomend this game to others
Looks absolutely stunning!
This game is a mix of Devil May Cry and a first person shooter. Though it is early access at the time I'm writing this review, it has a high level of polish, and most importantly, is lots of fun to play. Making cool combos is very fun and I really enjoyed it.
This is literally AAA!! A dude did something which most companies cant!
Was short but fun
the talent this guy has! really GG cant wait for more
Game looks beautiful.. on a good pc. My 1050 couldn't handle medium with low shadows more than 40 fps, but from the different videos that I have seen its beautiful.  Other than that nothing else to it really. The combat seems quirky and fun when you use the sword.
Great Game so far! very fun game play. xoxo
Thicc girl with an exo-suit and a sword, what more can you ask for? 9/10 Voice acting is a yikes for me
PERFECT ;) !!!
I dont usually leave reviews... but I had to on this. Its like a AAA masterpiece. Need. Full. Game. Now. lol
It's basically the first chapter of an unfinished game. Sorta like a paid demo. But I ain't even mad. It's really fun to play. Reminds me of Breakdown.
Very Fun fps game though player movement speed needs to be increased.
As of right now the game is pretty short but it's still fun. Now it's time to unlock all the achievements.
Fun combat system,Looks great, what more can you ask for with a somewhat RPG style shooter   My only complaints are the need for some more Enemy variation (or attack variations at least, as my least favorite parts are the boss fights ) and the fact that you only keep XP for a very low amount of time.   Good/Great game  8/10- but maybe an extra 1.2 for the fact that it was developed by one person, Excited for future updates. dont know how to end this
TL:DR - cool action shooter that is reminiscent of Doom and other fast paced shooters, surprisingly short with many mis-translations however game was made by a single dude so cut him some slack and get the game, it got some replayability and the price tag is justified because it's early access.  Bright memory, wow ok, i was surprised by this one, a "Glorified" tech demo for very interesting concept, made by a single developer, this game combines DOOM, Devil May Cry and Smidge of tomb raider to create a fast pace shooter that has you performing combos with both your guns and your abilities to take down hordes of monsters and/or soldiers, the story is lack luster as well jumping you straight into it without any context as who is who and what is happening, like i said though, glorified tech demo, the single developer who made this game has done a very good job for what there is, and as i was reading the reviews i initially felt unsure about this game, never the less i  played it out of curiosity and was not disappointed, i don't fault the games shortness because like i said, it was made by a single person, nor do i fault the many many mis-translations all of this was done by one guy and i'm quite impressed, considering what most triple A games that come out today are like, this one is very polished, yes the animation are a little clunky, yes the faces are a little off but all i can say is... all in due time, the developer has gone on record to say he will be remaking this opening act once the early access is finished, now do i recommend this, yes definitely, if your a fan of DOOM, DMC or other fast paced games all about playing perfectly then get the game, for the price it seems justified, especially since this is a initial investment there will be more coming, even if it takes a month , a year , 2 years or more there is a game to be made so get the game even if you end up disliking it, help the dev out because eventually you could see this be a complete game popping up on steam with a fresh price tag of £30 and your gonna regret it, possibly, probably not.
Its like shadow warrior but ... actually Japanese
This is the best game I have ever played honestly. Worth the money to spend for and I'm looking for the future update !!!
I loved this.  Short but very interesting.  I hope this gets to be a finished product
Worth every cent i guess.
I really really hope there is more to be seen from this developer. This is a breath of fresh air in a pool of somewhat stagnant FPS games.
I have a lot of respect for people who can create stuff like this on their own. Well done!  Buy this, it deserves the support
This is a fantastic game with amazingly crisp gameplay and a satisfying combo system. This game is so unique I have nothing to accurately compare it to. GO GIVE IT A TRY. You will not be disappointed. Cannot wait till the next episode comes out!!!
OMG! I will be the first to admit, I'm not big into shooters. I'm not good at them. However, I do make exceptions for those that look interesting or have an interesting story. I can get through the gamers rage that comes with my incompetence. This game I just have no words for! It's beautifully done, the story is seeped in mystery and makes me want more! It runs superbly and any issues I had I can guarantee was my fault just because I don't play shooters often enough. The only issue I noticed was just the dialogue overlay coming up when the game was loading from an autosave point that I died at. Other than that, this is pretty much polished. Load time is fine, reaction time is fine. I guess the only minor problem I had was just, for me, the dodge mechanic was a bit fussy, having to tap the directional analogue and B at the same time rather than just walking/running in that direction and tapping B. (yes I use a controller) Also, maybe for next time, make it so that the character can run backwards. Just my stupid two cents. In some areas with a lot of space to move, it could of been handy to run backwards just to keep track of enemies without being so much of a target. Also, STRONG FEMALE PROTAG that isn't overly sexed! It's a yes for me! I will be picking up the next installment in this game!
Fantastic game, Totally looking forward to more
Steep learning curve but it doesn't take too long. Needs difficulty settings. It's fine for me which tells me it will be too easy for a lot of people.  DoubleTap to Dodge, OMFG! This is the stupidest thing I've ever come across in video games. Please get rid of it or add the ability to disable it.  Dev said there will be English voice in final version. I've been following this title for some time now and this is why I finally purchased it. Please don't let us down.  [quote=FYQD-Studio;1769259642871973244]Hello, we will add the English dub in full version. There will be changes in plans for early access,I didn't know before whether income could sustain development, but now we have the money to plan more. [/quote]  I like the soundtrack. Battle music is heavy metal like doom 4 and I like that, gets the adrenaline pumping.  Strange Costume. I love virtual boobs as much as the next horny male but it just looks weird so open on the side like that with no bra or anything to support them. Her nipples must really chafe.  I like the trinkets to be found and the way you find them. You'll probably miss them if you aren't looking but, if you are looking you don't need some glowy crap to find them as the lighting is done really well.  The world looks really nice for any hardware requirements and these are incredibly low.   The combat is enjoyable. It's more about awareness and movement then weapons and skills.  I've had one "fatal error" crash but other then that I've not noticed any bugs. This feels like a polished final product to me.
I've had my eye on this game for some time now, and finally I caved in and bought it. Not very many indie developed games catch my eye, but this is honestly some of the best gameplay experience I've ever received. Keeping in mind that this is early access, there is little content available at the time of this review but 7 dollars for a fun combat system that will test your reflexes and skill make for a good hack & slash/FPS experience. I'm really looking forward to seeing more and I plan to be a strong advocate for this title since I'm a sucker for well-made indie games --  The only complaints I really have (save for the lack of story content) are some of the English localization (and the lack of English audio) but I can mostly overlook that because subtitles exist and I at least know what's going on so I can still follow the story easily. I'd like to see a survival/co-op feature of some sort implemented at some point too, though I suppose that would be above and beyond.  Bottom line, the combat is an absolute 10/10 and the artstyle is just as good. It's an experience you won't want to miss out on and if you can get it you definitely should.
It felt like I just played through a Demo. I never thought I'd pay for something like a Demo. But this is one damn good Demo. Cheers to FYQD. I hope a good photo mode, or even NVIDIA Ansel support is added! Can't wait for the finished product! ^_^
Chinese chad lone developer vs virgin beta male EA
Even though it's one hour long it is a blast to play.
Great game,I really liked it,the project is worth developing.
This game has a lot of potential.  I enjoyed the game play but it has some glaring issues.  The controls were average.  Not great but some of that was based on not being able to remap key bindings.  Something that will be a must for an actual release.  Aspect ratio support needs some work.  It needs a FoV very badly.  But the game play itself was stellar.  The only real issues I had with game play were problems with the FoV and lack of custom key bindings.  This is the type of game I like to play.  Fast paced single player first person shooter with a hint of hack and slash.  If the game develops further it has some awesome potential between shooting/abilities/hack and slash.  More games like this need to be made.     Side note:  Despite the price being 6.99.  That may be a tad more expensive.  5 bucks would have been more reasonable but a few dollars isn't that big of a deal.
Great game, not a lot of content but the combat is pretty satisfying and fun. really hope for good luck on the development
The fact that AAA titles are shipped with WAY more issues than this one-man-team alpha is concerning. It's completely worth 6€
Bright Memory is kind of an arcade FPS game. You follow the story of Shelia while shooting and slicing your way through mobs of enemies. Really cool idea, and when you take into consideration that this is just early access and is pretty much made by one guy, it's actually really good.  It's pretty short but enjoyable, and even though I got it for free when it wasn't as popular, I'd definitely buy it for the price it's currently at.
This game is stupid good, and I still can't believe it's only made by one, one very talented may I add, dev. Good on you FYQD, this is amazing for what it is, can't wait to see where the game will end up being after it gets out of early access.
I love this game. It's kinda a mix between devil may cry and crysis, it makes you feel like a badass once you get into it. Really simple to learn and fun, but there is a lot to play around with. only downside is that it's so short atm, I finished it in under an hour, but more will be added in the future. For the price it's really good, I'd recommend getting it just to mess around with the game. The translation is a bit wonky, but its not intelligible and that can always be fixed.
this game is incredible considering the restrictions
A unique hyrbid between character action games like DMC/Bayonetta and fast-paced FPS games like modern Call of Duty titles. It works surprisingly well, and it's a very strong proof of concept. It has a poor translation, and you can "beat" it in under an hour - but it's meant to be replayed and mastered in a similar manner to games like DMC. You could consider your first run a tutorial even.  tldr; fun, unique and short.
It is basically a demo but a damn good one. I can't wait to see what becomes of this series and hopefully in the future it will have english dubbed. I hate having to read subtitles but for this game I am more than willing to. I was bored wanted something I knew would be fun for a hour and that is what I got from this. Buy it to support its development
Bought the game mainly to support it, even though Im below the minimum spec required, but in 82 minutes I managed to get halfway through the game, although with the the way the FPS spikes, I cant dream of beating the final boss( but thats on my side @fault). I do hope that when Infinite releases,, we will still be able to play episode 1 because once I get a new PC and I will be bored, I'll play this game again and again. (My last game when I was bored to play was Blood and Bacon lol)  edit: and in case the dev reads these reviews, I found 3 glitches:  1. At first before I got sucked into portal, when I break the window door and I have to fight the soldiers, I killed them all by gun and nothing else was happening > went to youtube > saw some gameplay > restarted > I had to press F key to lift a soldier in the air.... 2. When I met with Carter again and I was fighting the soldiers, one of them was inside a wall, only a smapp part of him was visible, bullets were doing nothing, blade mode did killed him 3. (and this one might me because of my lower specs) after ADS with the rifle and then switching to anything else and even back to the rifle, I remained scoped in untill I switched back to rifle the ADS and zoom out again.
it's an amazing game also hard to believe this game made by one person.  great story, awesome gameplay, and amazing graphics   i hope this game will reach you to your goals ,and we are waiting for continues of this game :)
pretty amazing
8.75 out of 10  Good Quality, Great Gameplay, you can tell the creator is passionate about the game.
Just got this....30 mins in and i had to alt-tab and tell you mofos to buy this game!!! Unlike anything else!!!  The shooting reminds me a big of Ghost in the Shell First Assault...but its great!
A unique hyrbid between character action games like DMC/Bayonetta and fast-paced FPS games like modern Call of Duty titles. It works surprisingly well, and it's a very strong proof of concept. It has a poor translation, and you can "beat" it in under an hour - but it's meant to be replayed and mastered in a similar manner to games like DMC. You could consider your first run a tutorial even.  tldr; fun, unique and short.
this game amazing for starters, one of the best looking games ive ever played and the game is great to boot on top of that. honestly better than most AAA games ive played lately. i cant wait for the finished product to come out. gameplay has a fps/action feel with like dark souls save style nd bosses. needless to say ive died a few times alrdy nd love the challenege it presents to me. i hope they put in the option to play 3rd persion. i know that kills the point of the fps but i guess thats just more of my style
Better than most AAA titles these days. Very meta gameplay.
Holy jesus. This game, even if it is unfinished as of this date, is amazing. I highly reccomend buying this, because it is such an amazing game and it is so incredibly cheap for what feels like an incedibly polished game. I have encountered 0 glitches, and I only had 1 annoyance. If you died at certain points in the game, your exp that you saved would be gone. That's all. The abilities: fun The combo's: fun The overall gameplay: fun and incredibly satisfying  Overall, the game is a little difficult but you can get through it by dodging at the right timing, which you will learn very quickly. the weapons felt balanced and good, I even used the pistol for a long time. I have not encountered any problems with ammo, so even though you are limited in ammo, you have enough to get through every section, if your aim is decent.  Buy this game, git gud, and have fun.
good game and looks amazing
Awesome.  Enough said......great job!!!!!!
This Game is awesome. I am looking forward for more from this dev.
One of the best indie game i've played in awhile while having a combo style like devil may cry its gameplay aspects are different the only down side was how short it was and slight fps lag ever so often
jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
Fast paced action with multiple ways to fight. Looking forward to more content.
A game that has action, puzzles, bosses, and looks gorgeous! Story is short which I expected reading the reviews, but never expected the combat to be so fun. And it was all developed by one guy! Definitely supporting this and can't wait for Bright Memory Infinite. Absolutely recommended.
One guy did this in his spare time. One guy in his spare time. I'm glad I bought this, and I hope you will support his work. He deserves it.  AAA doesn't mean shit anymore. This is an FPS, we don't really know much story, except that the main character joined some PMC when she was 12, and this group (SRO) has some super duper technological advantage over everyone, probably related to the various tech-based abilities she has, including something that reminds me of Raiden's HF Blade, but cooler, because it can totally do Judgement Cut.  It's got a pretty great dodge mechanic, which livens up combat a bit. It's already pretty lively, not just firefight after firefight. The bosses I have seen were well designed, and fit well with the general aesthetic of the game, which is technologically advanced, with a great deal of Japanese myth thrown in. Speaking of, the game is voiced in Japanese, but titled in other languages. But that doesn't really bother me. And there's a legit style meter. The whole thing is super polished, gameplay is pretty darn smooth, and one guy did this in his spare time.
Very impressive for a one-man project.  Definitely want to see more of this.  Controls are a little difficult imo because you have to take yours fingers off of WASD constantly to activate skills.  The biggest annoyance for me is you can't spam the E attack while also moving right with D key. The ability to remap buttons will probably fix this issue.
Game developed by one person, that by far outperforms most of todays games which have had tens or more people who have been working on them. What more should I say... Just buy it and support the development of the next game.
It`s a good game with an interesting gameplay an I hope the developer will make a second part
I can't describe this game in words, pretty much a lot of elements I want in a game, smashed up. As stated by the developer, they are reworking the game for a full version, and I have high expectations for what this "demo" amounted to. For a single company to produce and create this, props.  Note: Short game, but has replay-ability x3, for achievements and tiny changes throughout.
For a game of this quality (made by a single man/woman/developer), Bright Memory is an [b]amazing creation[/b]. While the story is  simple, graphical mistakes can be seen, and some fine-tuning (such as movement) is required, the game delivers a unique spin on an FPS with a Dark Souls twist that keeps you engrossed in trying to increase your end-game score. The considerable amount of work done on this game by just a single person makes this game a must-have in your Library. The amount of communication from developer to players means that this is a game that I would love to support (looking at all those other "AAA" titles out there). Keep up the good work!   [spoiler](I appreciate the collectibles and the possible "Easter Egg" of the Dark Souls Bonfire. If it's not an Easter Egg, I suggest removal of the bonfire to avoid any issues)[/spoiler]
Just played your game Bright Memory - Episode 1 and what can I say, you have done a super awesome work, this game is super cool, it got everything action, story and a beautiful atmosphere, just love it :)
it slaps
The graphics are quite awesome. I liked it a lot. Though it could do a little bit improvements on Sheila's face. Some things seems a little bit weird such as using Dark Souls bonfire? I think it should be removed. And sometimes, the XP from that blood shooting dragon didn't drop to the ground so sometimes it's flying up in the air. I haven't progressed so far but I love the game! This is awesome! I hope you continue the work!
good game
There were occasionally gun bugs, mostly on the shotgun like it gets stuck somehow after rapid firing. There were hits that shouldn't have done damage to the character but it did. But let's put that aside and appreciate the fast-paced, adrenaline pumping, non-stop action, baby! The music is on point every time and if you love flashy flashy stuff, this should be in your game library, no questions asked.
well all i can say is this episode is solid good graphics not mind blowing but good. game play is solid feels good even with the controller being kind of wonky. the moves and style are really good too. overall i cant wait to see where this goes.
Really good game structure and mechanics, I'm really waiting with hype the final version of the game, keep working on it!  At 3440x1440p the UI (in game and in menus) do not scale correctly, so some informations remain out of the camera view.
The game is really short (30 min) but there will be more content coming soon and the game play feels amazing!!! Other then a few bug which is expected this is one of the best games I've played in a while
Love it!
Sooo, I don't understand what's going on here, but it looks like some sci-fi interdimensional asian Lara Croft. And you should check it out for sure!
A modern/sci-fi FPS game that tries to blend the shooter genre with a boss-fight approach familiar to the players of the Souls series. For its very low price it delivers surprisingly well on a lot of the points and certainly promises to deliver an amazing experience once the EA period is over.
All I can say is... SUPER COOL :)
güzel
Very impressive considering the scope of production. Tight and exciting gameplay and excellent visuals that perform decently well even on an old laptop. Looking forward to future iterations.   It would be great if this version (Bright Memory Episode 1) is kept as a demo version.
Short but good quality!
Considering this is an early access basically developed by just one person, this game is incredible.  The only things I can complain about are all related to the fact that it is highly underdeveloped because of lack of staff.  Pros: [*]Graphics [*]Sound effects [*]Animations [*]Gameplay overall [*]Story seems quite unique and interesting, I certainly want to see more  Cons: (as I said, these are all somewhat easily fixable with more budget and staff) [*]Lack of content - Really short [*]Lack of content - In need of more weapons and skills/abilities [*]Voice acting - Not sure whether it is because I do not speak the language but the main character sounds lifeless [*]The subtitles - It is not so bad that one can not understand but still [*]Unskippable cutscenes - These types of game are meant to be replayable, so this kinda annoys [*]Little things like lack of health bar and other HUD related settings, not being able to switch weapons unless I change my keyboard from SVK to ENG, the flashlight is so far completely useless etc.  This game has tremendous potential. If that potential is achieved, AAA developers will sh*t in their pants. Just keep up the amazing work, fix issues, add more content and you have a masterpiece under your belt.  Also, is there a way to get the music that plays during the last boss fight? Love that stuff!
The game looks good, some textures are kinda blurry,combat is good but needs a bit more polish needs FOV adjustment settings, facial expressions are lifeless and I understand its early access this are just my opinion on what i saw it needs work, over all the game looks very good and I hope it gets finish to enjoy the full experience.
you wont regret
The developer clearly put a lot of effort and care into this and it has potential to be an amazing game! Playing the game so far has been a thrill and has my heart racing at each fight!
Even though this game is really short - yeah I know it's the first Episode - it's really easy to learn and it's so much fun to play, support this game so we can get a whole story with a better translation and so on.
Short, so far, but very fun, and for $7 that's not horrible.   Can't wait to see what the finished version of this is like.
Can't wait for more episodes!!!
This was different. I love shooters and FPS is my bread and butter. I don't mind that the game is in Japanese, it was still fun. it felt like I was part of an anime cartoon and the gun play was not bad at all. However I don't think I'll buy the following episodes unless there are more variety of enemies to combat, and better animations. You kill the end of level boss and he just falls down. No special cut scenes, no nice animations of them getting destructed in to pieces with ooze splattering everywhere. It just feels a little underwhelming.   The second thing I would like to see is remappable keys.    I still gave it an upvote because it's a fun game and I want it to do well but if nothing changes much, I doubt it's for me.
It's how i imagine sex on mescaline would feel. It's 7 freedom units at the time of writing and i have never felt my drug money was better spent 10/10
Short game with a story that I am not following particularly well honestly. I do not understand completely what is going on. You can see the game play in the trailer and it follows that flow pretty well.   I found it pretty clunky for the first 10 or so minutes, especially since there is no button remapping yet. After that, I had no issues doing what I wanted pretty consistently.  The biggest surprise I found in this game was how well optimized it was. I didn't lag or crash or lose frames throughout the whole 2 hours I sunk into this game. I thought with just one guy doing this game, so many things would have fallen through the cracks and this game would have just not been that viable of an option in the sea of indie titles out there.  I have a few gripes here and there but overall I think this will become a solid series of games when more and more episodes come out. Especially when I can make my dodge button not a direction plus shift. That is miserable.  I really don't see the problem with the price since it is one guy pretty much doing all the work teams of people have had to work on. Even with the short playtime if you don't wanna replay through it 3 times to get all the achievements, I think the $7 tag is fine.
incredible game, it's even hard to believe it was made by only one person
Gameplay 9/10  Graphics 9.5/10  Story 8/10  Puzzle 8.5 #not too hard   ahhh everything with only one Developer i think it's better than some game more Dev. to take care game just buy and take   The experiences by yourself
DOOM Raider: The Dark Souls  I can't wait for more. This game outstands what a team of devs can do vs 1 man. Bethesda, Ubisoft and EA can eat sh*t. (I still like some of their games, just not what comes afterward)
Holy shit now this is a good game! This blends in with Shadow Warrior FPS style and has a great main menu soundtrack. The loading screen is great and aren't the normal boring circle symbol that just spins round and round. The visual effects are very good and I am surprised that my GTX 1050 TI can run this game on high settings. The story is kind of hard to follow since the voice actors are chinese and english subtitles are playing while you are versing enemies. I wish the creators will add more episodes down the line as this game has big potential for a very very small developer team.
First off, the elephant in the room. It's incredibly short, but then again, it is $6.99. The cost-value judgement will probably be a sure "worth" or not depending on whether the later episodes will be included, or at least at a discount, for owners of the first, or if they'll all just be full price.  This game can be incredibly hard and test your patience, not in a Dark Souls kind of way (difficulty-wise, it's actually somewhat easy) but - in my experience - just clunkiness. I believe there's some framerate cap because it definitely feels just *barely* stuttery, and it also runs somewhat badly on my decent-spec rig. I encountered a bug where after killing a room of enemies, the sequence that was supposed to trigger, didn't. I reloaded the game and re-killed the enemies 6 times in a row before it triggered, but it seems many people had no issue with it. The final negative is that the English translation is noticeably lacking in areas - words not capitalized, some misspellings, some grammar being off - I don't hold that against FYQD too much, being a one-man team and all, but some people may care more.  I'm sure you've heard a bunch of Steam reviews say "I wish there was a conditional recommendation option/half-yes half-no option." This game would definitely fit the bill of that, because despite the issues above, the game IS fun. Really fun in the Devil May Cry, beat shit up and see how high a combo you can get way. It's also stunning graphically. The textures, the HUD, all of it is pretty damn sleek. Does it go beyond major titles or what we'd now consider the PC "norm"? No but, again, don't forget this is one guy who did virtually all of the work for this game. Thanks to the combo hunting and trying to keep an SSS as long as possible/unlocking all achievements, it does have some replayability too.  The game is for you if you're patient. It will sometimes crash or have a bug otherwise, it will sometimes put you in a really cramped area with a cluster of enemies and you'll die, but if you can get past that it is definitely a game worth playing. Again, I wish there were a sideways thumb or something, but I appreciate all the work the developer has done on his own and I think he definitely deserves a recommendation.
The combat is very fast paced, and exciting, but it quickly drops off as you learn how to manipulate the mobs to land your skills. there is no training wheels for this game, and suitably so as it has one difficulty, and the gameplay doesn't raise that bar much after the first boss either so extended play may be stagnant.  Story wise, I am very intrigued by this game's narrative and would like to see the continuation of this story. It offers a quick snapshot of the characters, a very brief overview of what the situation is, and omits enough details that you want to learn more (in short, its just a cliffhanger).  Animation wise, I am content as its an indie game, and there isn't much expectation from me, but a bit of polish would be nice to see. For example, mouth movements needs to sync with the dialogue, dead pan expressions could use a bit more refinement to become more human, and movements need a bit more softness rather than the rigid and harsh robotic movements.  For the controls, mouse and keyboard support is quite good for a early release test, and as such it is reflected in the clunkiness of the controls. The mouse delay feels a bit long on higher sensitivities and movement is a bit stiff. I don't have too many complaints besides these as the other issue of being unable to rebind keys is due to lack of game development.  In terms of bugs, I only experienced 2 of them; one is game breaking and another is plain annoying. The game breaking bug is one where dying, or quitting the current run will reset your evolve points to zero, despite having points saved up before dying/quitting. This is a big barrier to gameplay as it forces a restart of the run to reacquire the points lost. The other bug is a sound bug where it is just deafening white noise that forces the closure of the game. Nothing much said about this besides a being a pain to deal with and would require a restart of the game to solve.
THIS IS AWESOME! I know for the price but come on! don't be rude with someone who create this game alone! if you need more creative with more time of playing# go buy other games but this kind of guy need a big support this dude have talent and I enjoyed this game! the art of the game and skills are cool!
Very fun game, i want more of this and more games like it
This game is exactly what I've been looking for and I'm really excited for the rest of it.
This was the best use of my money all week lol.   The game was great. The fast pace action has you constantly moving while keeping your guard up. Along with the pacing the abilities you have are super fun to use. I found myself really enjoy every battle i got into and the creatures are just as amazing. Visually the game is amazing, the environment look amazing and the effects along with the models where just so well done. Cant wait to see more of this.  Happy to support.
Really good game, especially because it costs less than €6! Definitely recommended.
It has great potential. Graphics are nice and the gameplay is awesome. Its very cool to use ranged weapons and then use EMP + tractor beam + sword combo. The fact that just one dude made this is amazing. Its great that he now has his own smal team working on this. Takes about 30 minutes to complete but its great and has lots of potential.
This is an amazing game. Hands down the best early access title I've ever played. Just non stop balls to the wall action at 1000 miles per hour. Also the only game where I've gotten an achievement named sharpshooter only using a sword.
Great game. Amazing Graphics and a story that seems to be interesting to build on in future updates.
This Game is a very cool Early Acces and so much worth to support. For the future i hope this game will be developed because it got the big potential in it.  Pros: + Fun and smooth combat + Interesting combat abilities + Gorgeous graphics and effects + Good performance + Well designed enemies + Fitting music + Combo indicator   Cons:  - Short gameplay  - Only Chinese speaking  - Bad english subtitles  
Very fun game and the graphics are just outstanding. I can't wait to see more of this game but I have one issue... bugs. Overall though I definitely recommend this game as it is quite cheap.
yum yum num num
well, the only downside is that you can finish the first episode in under 30 minutes. that's it.  aside of that Bright Memory is a slick and fast paced FPS soulslike. cool monsters, devastating moves and a trusty pewpew at your side. oh, and it's beautiful.
this has potential, and i love it, highly recommend, i mean can't go wrong when its a FPS that has dark souls references, all made by one person.
yeehaw
I'm in shock... this game is so good! All it needs is for the English to written better. (which i excused because the original game was designed for Japanese). 10/10
Unfinished game with smooth gameplay and interesting story.
This game needs a dev team and a budget. Fantastic game.
Pretty cool Mechanics
just one word: WOW
Amazing game a little tough to get use to but really fun I would highly suggest people play this.
Excellent FPS.
Great game with great effects! Can't wait for the new Episodes.
Short game but entertain a lot, hope this game didnt died until all episodes released
Very impressed by the work made by one person. Better than most triple AAA titles. I look forward to seeing what this game can be! <3
This game is so amazing, i could not being to explain how amazing the graphics are.
This game is extremely fun to play and for the price it seems like i'm literally scamming the creator. this is a truly fun game and really good looking to!  There are some issues to it however 1. Enemies sometime shift into pillars 2. Translation issues 3. Some of the characters  (Carter) Look really dead inside  But overall this game is a extreme steal!
Good stuff, well made, plenty of polish, doesn't overstay its welcome.  Can't wait for the next episode!  Best part about this game is you buy it and beat it the same day so it's not added to the never ending list of games I'll never have time to finish.
이 게임은 말 그대로 개발자가 만들었습니다. 게임 플레이는 한 시간이지만 여전히 좋은 구매입니다.
To put it simply, this game is beautiful.  The story may be a touch unpolished (maybe translation issues because I wasn't quite following the details), and there's a couple wonky things like the grapple ability being a bit hard to know where it is, but it is amazing for a non 'Triple A Massive corporation project'.    The graphics are sexy.  The game makes a reference to dark souls which I love.  And the combat makes you feel badass once you start to master it.  I wonder if the scoring system is too lenient because I spent a decent time at SSS and I still don't feel like I quite understand how to chain everything as smoothly as I could.    My only real gripe is that I wish I could dodge forwards.  But that's reserved for sprinting, so if I back myself into a corner I tend to start mashing shift expecting to dodge out of the corner, but I just sorta try to sprint while getting smooshed by a big flaming sword.  Though that may be just because I didn't know about it until it happened so it upset me more than if it was explained as a limitation of dodging.  I'd like something like dks 2 or 3 where a tap dodges, and holding it for a moment starts sprinting.  I dunno.  Just a though :3   All in all I really enjoyed it.  I can't wait to see more.  And honestly, this whole game has been super impressive to me.  It looks so nice, it plays so nice, and for an early access game I didn't encounter any bugs at all.  Which, ya know, it is a short game, but still.  That's impressive.
10/10
The graphic of the game is wonderful, if it is true that only one person made it I get him props.  Wonderful story, the character looks great and the monsters/bosses (it’s only episode 1 so it’s still a bit confusing[the story])   I recommended this game to some of my friend who look interested cause I explain to them about the abilities, bosses, and great handle.  Just a tip, if you don’t like toggle sight you can change the settings to hold.  Great game 11/10 
Overall it could give DMC a run for its money. I really like how they brought together the hacknslash from like dmc into a fps. Over all the game is good ya it could use some polishing and the graphics are starting to date a lil however though it runs good and looks good. Hope to see more from this dev.
I like it alot. It was a surprise game that only a few people know about still to this day. It needs a quick turn feature. It's basically best to keep the enemies directly in front of you.There needs to be a wider variety of weapons. The slashing needs tweeking.I so very happy they quickly listened to the gamers and added controller support but the turning and running has hesitation. I'm playing with a 1080ti all settings High as possible. Graphics need improvement as well as energy types. I had fun with this then it was over way too soon. I can't wait for more episodes
this game is fun, polished, fun, the shotgun has an uncapped firerate, fun and an good skill tree. did i say fun?
Solid start. Looking forward to completion.
GOOD GAME:D
I just had to review this. I just had to.  What is Bright Memory - Episode 1?  Well, it's kinda hard to say. It feels much like a fast paced hero shooter with all those abilities you get. Then again, most of the enemies are bullet sponges with slow attacks. Finding the center between your own fast movement and abilities and the enemies' slow attacks was super weird but also very fun to me. I'd personally say the game is a mix of Titanfall with a bit of Metal Gear and some sort of Dark Soul-esque elements.   What's fun about the game?  Firstly, the movement options. I absolutely love how fast you run and how easy and natural the entire movement felt. In addition, you get a dash skill right from the get-go which has an insanely low recharge timer. On top of that you have a grapple skill which on one side helps you traverse through the story environment but can also be useful for dashing away from a boss towards some other mobs so you can take care of them with your sword or shotgun instead. Oh yeah, the shotgun. I need to mention that monster. This thing has absolutely NO delay between shots. You click fast, it shoots fast. It feels like an absolute monster. The only thing wearing it down is the fact that enemies are super bullet sponges. Even smaller mobs need 2-3 headshots with the shotgun from low range. The entire system around unlocking skills is kept simple and you will have everything unlocked after 2 playthroughs at max. But, the design, visuals, sound and feeling of the skills all feel perfect to me. The idea that you can improve your F skill to alter it in certain ways dependant on how often you press the F key is really nice, but generally you'd want to use the improved versions rather than the first one as they share recharge timers. Another thing is the ongoing action in the game. No matter at which part in the game, you always have something to do. Those "30 minutes of gameplay" become REALLY worth because they ARE 30 minutes of gameplay, no big cutscenes no big waiting. Action, action, action. Lastly... I was just pleasantly surprised by the bosses and the easter eggs in the game, but don't wanna spoil too much there :)  Also I didn't encounter any major/gamebreaking bugs or glitches which honestly makes me question what AAA publishers are doing sometimes.   What could be improved?  I'll keep this as a simple list rather than a long text, since it's really just a few points that don't need explaining: -Make enemies less bullet spongy and a bit faster -The float mechanic seems a bit wonky at the moment, they just move in random directions while floating even if they were all clustered up before -No individual weapon upgrades -No difficulty setting   Total Score: Graphics 8.5/10 - The game is stunningly beautiful, yet I feel like more could be done to imrpove it. Gameplay 9/10 - I had an absolute blast playing this game. And I think you will too. Soundtrack 5/10 - It's not bad but very repetitive, especially the bossfight music. Sound and level design 7/10 - I love how so far every level felt different and sometimes you come back to it like "wait, I've been here before" but something changed. Also there was a moment which legit jumpscared me. Didn't expect that at all.  Overall 7.5/10 - It's a great game overall, and I am astonished by the fact that this is done by one person. But that doesn't mean there are no parts that could use improvement.  Thanks for reading.  PS: I don't think "lack of content" is a downside in an early access title.
Really cool. More please.
This is amazing! Control: I wasn't use to the controls so it was kinda difficult starting out, but after I got use to it I had tons of fun! Later you'll probably be able to change them so it doesn't matter that much.  Combat: incredible! it feels really nice getting the combo score up, the gun mechanics are as you'd expect. but with the combat requiring you to dodge and be really agile it makes the gun play I little more skillful. Melee is very unique in its self. it reminds me of Warframe, but it has abilitys that let you combo into itself and pull off cool stunts.  Bosses: the bosses are intense. There's even a Darksouls boss! So cool OwO  Skills: There is a level up system that lets you branch out into many new ways to play. and it's also Cool.  Conclusion: Buy it.
SOOOO WORTH 
Game definitely has potential. Combat is extremely fun, with a nice mix of gunplay and ability based combat. Boss encounters were rather quick, but enjoyable. Soundtrack is nice so far, too. Eventually this could be something really special, and I wish good luck to FYQD on this. Nice change from Generic Everyshooter #44282 from every AAA dev at the moment.  Still has more content than Anthem, too.
The absolute madman is going to quit his job for this, please do him a favor and buy it
What the actual fuck, ONE MAN MADE THIS? I honestly don't believe it. the amount of polish and creativity here with gameplay is ASTONISHINGLY jawdropping. this short demo (its what I'd call it) is stupid amounts of fun and easily the best 7$ I have ever spent on a game. and if it goes to a man doing shit like this its even more worth it!
In my infinite course to boredom today, I visited a imageboard as I do most days, with the most fierce intent to procrastinate, but something really did caught my eye. I saw this one webm clip on of an fast indie shooter game, by accident, wouldn’t have pressed play on a normal day. It had a couple of replies, and I decided to read along because it caught my interest.  This looks like a decently budgeted game by Electronic Arts, it plays like Titanfall, DOOM and Revengeance with a style point system à la Devil May Cry. It’s the most impressive indie game I’ve played for the last months and it’s definitely a fun experience. The game was produced solo by someone, doing it part-time of all things, which tugged at my heart as a wannabe video game developer with severe autism, who immediately reached for my credit card to support the dude and buy it through Steam.  The game looks good, like, really good, running on Unreal Engine and with good looking characters rocking some average facial expressions. As mentioned before, it’s a game that could put some renown studios to shame, simply before the fact that it was a professional production.  The gameplay is VERY fun, your character deals damage with both a small range of firearms and some sort of energy blade, complemented with various unlockable abilities. Together you can combo all these to fill up your combat score meter like in the Devil May Cry franchise. Combat is always fluid, you dodge sideways and backwards to move during fights, and can even pull yourself to enemies, even freeze them in time or knock them up to unleash a flurry of slashes.  The level design looks nice and has some platforming, that didn’t particularly feel the most brilliant aspect of my first run, the ‘grapple hook’ mechanic isn’t particularly well defined, only being available from specific spots, and not on specific spots. There’s some puzzle solving and collectibles, that don’t seem to be missing from ANY video game nowadays, overall the combat parts really shine through during the episode, starting with a decent premise for a shooter story that ends on a good cliffhanger that looks promising.  In conclusion, this Early Access game is ‘the treat’ that I was expecting from Early Access games for quite a while - a great ambitious project that is pulling all the stops. I’d recommend this game to anyone who enjoys shooters. It’s a project worth supporting, in hopes that it becomes a great, full-game for more people to experience.
Although rather short (max maybe 1hr), this is extremely fun and incredibly well polished. It isn't a 'mindless shooter' and can be pretty challenging. I truly look forward to what comes next!
This game is fking awesomeeeee. Respect for the developer
it's literally officially the dark souls of warhammer titanfall It needs work, clearly, but right now it's a blast to play, looks good plays good sounds good, costs 5€, it's fucking awesome
Remember this game was made by one man ONE ONLY and it's pays off the storyline is everywhere hard to know whats going on but the gameplay is really really good. 8/10
It's pretty cool.
This game made by one developer, made me re-evaluate the efficiency of billion dollar game companies.
Pretty impressive for one person to develop this game. Game itself is overall fun but it really feels incomplete. There was only 1 QTE event and switching between guns to skills/abilities using the sword seems way to favorable. Looking forward what the dev will come up next.
Warning before read!!!! "I tested this game in my trash PC (only i have) , so, some things i will write there will not at all needed to relevate as a my 'real' analysis" i update as soon i advance in the game and updates.    First I want to explore more new games out of my confort zone, test a non-stop action game like this and give oportunity to indie games as well, like my  "The Vargant"´s analysis. Then, it attracted my curiosity looking from the list of the new games (in that period) i clicked and look to the video´s trailer and i felt impressed that one single person do an incredible presentation of a first person gameplay with several weapons sequenced at the same time (asians are incredible) and with fluid moviments. So the price is reasonable to me so i bought.    The menu Is versatile, that he moves acordling you select the buttons and nothing abnormal to apoint         The grapichs  it's expected from a early acess games (until now), not so good or bad, is in conforms: the scenarios are pretty well as the propourse of the game. unfortunately to me i have to play in the lowest configuration and low resolution to play with 15 ~ 20 fps   The gameplay  its new to me, a futirist-like game with a with several combinations of combo and diverse styles of weapon, from firearms to technological equipment; you can jump, run, dodge,shoot with a pistol, shotgun and a submachine gun, use the left arm to push enemies , grab in expecific structures, and use the technological equipaments to a higher jump, upgrade your combos, status and unlock new features with the XP you obtain killing enemies. The more you deal damage, the more a points counter goes up and gives you a rank according to the points obtained: depending on the combos and skills used.  but what struck me is how such actions can be done with such lightness of quick button clicks. Ex: while you shoot with the submachine gun you use the EMP to shoot them in the air and at the same time jump and attack with the sword and can end with a quick change to the shotgun. the pause menu gives the feeling that the game is still rolling in slow motion, is cool.   Problems I've see   I cannot opine about the frame rate, because the entire game in my PC  stayed by 5-20 fps oscillating a lot even in menu, except in the boss battle and scenarios with no enemies stayed by 12-18 fps   Some enemies spawn in random areas that be difficult to carry on. once a enemy spawn in right front of me and i simply can´t see him shooting on me and died with no reason (i thought in the first time, but occurred to me more times)    minor Render bugs that made me leave the map and walk for 5 seconds until I fell into limbo and died (it was funny at least)      finally, i like this game, acoppany the updates and playing slowly (100 minutes for now) because i need to have patience to play in this fps and congrats to the developer who did a great job like this and continue with their jobs.
This title puts Activision/Blizzard & EA to Shame.  ONE guy was able to create a game of this level of polish & quality,  While most AAA game publishers like release unfinished,  broken,  buggy,  micro-transaction riddled, Loot-box filled, grindy, annualised, multiple season passes, DLC locked content, uninspired "Live Services"  which require a constant stream of money from the player.   Happy to support good developers like this guy.
WE LIVE IN A WORLD WHERE 1 MAN CAN MAKE A GAME LIKE METAL GEAR RISING, TITAN FALL, AND BULLET STORM! THEN HAVE ENOUGH ROOM FOR DARK SOULS LIKE BOSSES!
A very well made Game that is a lot of fun. The only thing that could be inproved is the movement system: for exsample: Press Space ones to jump Press Space twich to Double Jump Hold Space to Jump across long sistances  Other than that it's a well made and fun Game.  ~mxN / Prec1sioN
Very good for the beginning. the basics are there, movement and aim feels good, character and world design is pretty cool too. eager to go further down the story to see what characters and lore you've got for us.
wow that was great, waiting for more content
This Game really has a lot of potential and even if it's like a 'Demo', it was still fun for me to play. I enjoyed what I got and the graphics are really nice as well. The only thing which I personally didn't really like, was that only the Subtitles were in English, so it was kinda hard for me to concentrate on the Game and notice what's going on story wise. but it's understandable why it is like this.  I'm looking forward to the next Part and the finished Version. (:
アリタ。向こう見ずな。シェルでゴースト。コール・オブ・デューティ。運命。トゥームレイダー。キルゾーン。鬼の魂。運命。影の戦士。タイムスプリッタ  私がしばらく遊んだ中で最高のゲームの1つであり、これは独立したスタジオによって行われます。  残りのエピソードと将来のエピソードが出るまでは、絶対に値段だけの価値がある10/10。
In my first 20 minutes, I'm definitely getting an FPS, Devil May Cry like game and I love it. I haven't played too much .Got past the first bit after seeing the dragon, or flying snake as the subtitles suggest. But I'll definitely play more of it and I highly recommend those to try it just for a short bit!
its a good game, but the storry is toooooooo short...
Short but sweet game. A Tomb raider style game (less jumpy, more action) set in the future. Really nice game play. Smooth controls and clear menus. For that price, it is definitely a game to pick up.  While waiting to episode two, replay to unlock and try out all skills and, if you like speed run, get better time.
Fun as hell!!! This game can punish you hard if you don't pay attention to your surrounding. The fight is not what going to kill you but the environment will!  The dub is not good enough, mostly I just ignored it all. Let say, it is not impact me to notice that our heroine speaking.  Keep up the good work I love this game.
Bonfire Lit
While it's a bit short, it's still a very fun and enjoyable game well worth the price. The combat can be quite engaging and lots of fun once you get the hang of it . Can't wait to get more of this.
While it is a "short" game, it is incredibly well made, especially if one considers the fact, that it was made by a single person. Big developers should be ashamed if a singe person can make a better game than them. (looking at you EA)  But the thing I like the most about this game, is the combat, absolutely love the concept.
This is great. I feel like I'm playing a heavily modded game of skyrim FPS style.
Really a great game :D i can't wait for it to get more content :D already one of my favourite games :D
Awesome so far - mechanics & gameplay feel really great. Looks amazing. Has quite a few skills & options, but keeps the controls nice & tight. Dense, engaging & thrilling. Definitely looking forward for more!  ps. Sometimes are fun translations: The saving will loose when quit. It's bite-sized, so one play-through will take slightly more than an hour.  Edit after my first play through: I hope they keep the episodic nature (it doesn't look like it, but still). This one might be short, but after all, it was probably an incredible proof of concept. It's designed like a challenge. You just reload after death, you don't die or save. That changes the nature of the challenge to quite a degree. I'd love to have bite-sized episodes of 1-2h hours every 3 months or so. It'd be coming back to something that steadily brings some new design, some new areas, some new bosses. That'd be bliss in my opinion. This was a well designed, action-packed bite of something tasty.  One impression I got over the course of the story: it sort of is a better Tomb Raider. It's not a phenomenal story, but it keeps you engaged (specially since I definitely want to fight the fly snake at some point). It has some easy jump & lever puzzles (which are mostly done to make you acquainted to control the powers). It's an interestingly structured game. Each element has been here in some other game, but the sum is more than it's elements and I haven't seen it done in that fashion before.  Shout outs as well to FYQD for patching and re-tuning the experience so steadily. That really left a good impression to me. I hope the optimizations will help make the upcoming content better from the get-go.  I'll be back for a few more reruns over time and look forward for the next episode - or as it seems from the announcements - the full game.
Just finished the game: SUPER COOL!!! The sword and the guns!! Amazing combinations, very nice graphics and short (about 1 hour) but intense first episode, can't wait for the sequel.  CONS  Sometimes it froze on me (I have a GTX 1050) in the most intense parts and it was a bit frustrating but it was only with the first midi-boss in the caves.  You must try it!
Gameplay is fantastic, translations could use a little work though.
[h1] Review and Thoughts [/h1]  [b] If u just want to know if its good and worth to buy.[/b] Simply Put: yeah defenetly. its only 6 bucks and i finished it in 30 min but its a really fun experience and worth every buck.  [b] Pros: [/b] - Sick Gameplay - Graphics are fairly decent - Skill System  - Unlockable Skills  - Kickass OST ( Metal, Dubstep and even Dark Souls Like OST) - Variety of Enemies - Main Character looks nice - You can see your legs when u look down - Nice Gunplay - Collectables  - NG+ is available - Literally Darks Souls References - Fun and Challenging Boss fights which gonna make your buttcheeks clench and simply feel Epic - No Lags (Played on 1070 GTX)  [b] Cons: [/b] - Chinese Audio and nothing else - Translation isnt 100% accurate ( literally just feew small mistakes) - Character Models look a bit Stif  - Linear  - If u have to cross something and it is displayed how to do it, you HAVE to do it that way - short  [b] Score: [/b] 8,9 / 10  ( Keeping the price tag and the fact that its made by one person in mind)  I can really just recommend to try it :)  Thanks for reading.
One of the most creative shooters I've played this decade
Keep at it, it´s going great!
TL:DR The graphics were great. Gameplay was enjoyable  Story is just ok, probably due to subtitles issues and I'm sure early access.  Mostly, I'll just say the story suffers because the timing of the subtitles and action (placement too?).  I just missed stuff.  I'm also hoping later updates will fill in "what's happening" better.  The guns seem under powered but the abilities seem to make up for it.  There's a lot of timing abilities and shooting, which for me was a little bit of a learning curve.  The description says combos, but navigating a 3D environment and doing combos with enemies coming from all directions.... well, it took some work to learn.  It definitely played different than anything else I've play recently.  Not a bad thing, but took some getting use too.  Also, the default controls didn't seem to match up with the "usual" keyboard locations.     A Boss was hard one time and easy (he seemed to miss a lot) another time.  Not sure what the deal was... Another one had a chase me around the yard feel.  Both fights made me fearful that I was going to spend some time "almost" betting them, but not quite.  I didn't care for the puzzle in the middle.  Maybe I missed a subtitle or something but I kind of guessed at it.  I do have to say even though it was short, it was a lot of fun and well worth the money.  I have just under an hour played, so within Steam's return limits... but no, I'll keep it.  It has a lot of potential.  Amazing that a small company/person made this.   
Subtitles could be placed in a better spot (right of the reticle?) since I'm one of those scrubs who can't move and read at the same time but otherwise a very fun game, excited to see what becomes of this "project done in the devs spare time"
I want more!
GOOD STUFF :)
I like what I've seen so far, and look forward to further improvements and content.  If I had two small complaints, it would be that the subtitles are often hard to read over the HUD, and I have noticed a few places where the translation is clunky and could stand grammatical improvement.  As far as the graphics and audio go, it's quite impressive for such a small team and the combat is fast and fluid.  I also enjoyed the various boss fights.  Story wise, it could probably stand to address more of what is going on and who the characters are, but I can ignore that for now given its early access status.  I also hope that they are able to at some point include English voices as subtitles, even for someone used to reading them, can be quite a challenge in high action games such as this.  Again, I enjoyed what I played so far and look forward to seeing where this goes from here.
Fun combat! I can't wait for next episodes!
For the price (got it on sale) you can't complain.  You get a good 2 hours or so of gameplay and the game is extremely fun.  I'm not too much of a fan of the jumping though and the platforming but action wise, very good.  Fast pace which makes it a plus.  Now it has controller support, much better.  I really dig this game.    Very good for an early access game with a small team working on it that pushes updates constantly.  Kudos to them and they deserve every cent.
With the production values in this game, it is absolutely worth paying 7 dollars for this. I am genuinely interested to see where future episodes go from here.
Everything is fine but the story for ep 1 is too short I think Waiting for ep 2
It's like Tomb Raider meets Destiny in an episode of Quantum Break!
WHERE IS EPISODE 2!?
This is the light at the end of the tunnel that is the gaming industry. Absolute marvelous work. I haven't finished the game yet but I am already loving it.  Honestly how can companies these days really try to sell games that aren't 100% complete, copy pasted, and unintuitive - just for the money. This game is SO good and SO well made that it deliberatly makes AAA companies look like an absolute joke.  Wonderful work.
A very fun shooter, on par with 2016's Doom at its high points.  The subtitles could use some work, but that's fine, especially since the story isn't the main appeal.  It also has a very nice aesthetic blending ancient Chinese with modern high-tech designs.  I look forward to the full version and recommend checking this one out if you're on the fence.
It's beautiful, slightly challenging, fun, well done.  I feel like the abilities could use some balancing and tweaking, or variety to open up the combat gameplay to a few more options, but that's all just extras that could be added or messed around with.
a really good game . iv played it one time thru but it crashed alot .i switched up my graphics and seemed to fix it for the last boss.hope to see more of this game .
What a brilliant concept. This is a short game at present, upsettingly short as it really leaves you wanting more. It's a bit clunky and could do with some refinement but for a one person operation it's incredibly well made. The dev is clearly working hard on this and there's regular updates coming through.  I managed to play with a controller without issue although I think the layout of the power keys could be tweaked. Standard setting isn't ideal. I'll admit that I didn't look to see if I could change them though so it's a possibility.   The English localisation isn't the best, but then my Chinese isn't very good so who am I to complain? Mostly it's just the grammar but I'm guessing that could be a program based translator at work rather than any fault of an individual. I only came across the one bug whilst fighting the forest knight. The game kept playing but the screen collapsed to a window. Nothing a quick pause and click on the icon didn't sort but it did throw me off slightly,  All told this is an excellent, all be it short at present, first person shooter. With it only being episode 1 I'm very hopeful that the dev carries on with their work and starts posting more episodes soon. A nice variety of enemy types and an interesting amount of powers for the player character.  Graphically quite good with nice sound effects and all voice acted (in Chinese with English subtitles). The character designs are interesting and there's plenty of scope with the story for the future.  Do yourself a favour and treat yourself to an hours exploration and get your self hyped for the future.
This Game is good and remind me of doom
One of Masterpiece!! I LOVE IT!! Models are good.
This game is absolutly the best game I ever played! You can do so much an theres always action and epic moments in it. Have you ever watched an Anime an thought : Damn I wish there would be a game like this!  Well, NOW THERE IS!!  I loved it and hope to see more of this game. Greetings Ray
In 7 words:  Bam bam swoosh bam slash slash swoosh.  In 7 letters:  A W E S O M E  It simply works insanely well. Fast paced fun af.
This is an exception for me, since I usualy don't get games in the "Early Access" phase. It's a fun game to play, although it needs to do more in the tutorial/explaining the game. The biggest thing that annoyed me is that since English is available only in subtitles I couldn't follow all of the conversations during battle since the subtitles are small and easly swallowed by the enviroment.  Over all - I enjoyed myself and am waiting for the next chapter.
Discovering the map and the story was a pleasure for me  I will give 10/10 and also the gameplay 10/10 it was sad that it ends up so fast,good luck on next episode !
bulih la...
I really don't know what this game is about - it's in chinese and I can't read subtitles during a battle, but it was fun to play. Nevertheless I won't buy upcoming episodes because it was a little to hard for me. Mostly it's a shooter that feels like a hack&slay game but with Tomb Raider and Dark Souls like parts in it, which is a quite interesting combination.
Incredible work. Support this game because it's potential is enormous
nice game +sword play +fun +combos
lighting, environment, character, gameplay was great. Keep Fighting!!!
A ton of fun, mixing sword attacks with gunplay works well and the dash offers good movement,   So far an hour of content, with a lot of potential.
please , i need the next episode very soon , very great game , respect for the creator who work alone :D
Impressive indie shooter. Nicely combines the gameplay of a hack and slash game into an FPS.
Someone please hire him already!
I payd 6 Euro for this game, becouse it is really good game, nice grafik, maked with soul and for gamer and i will support and will play more
Doomguy went to China and got inspired
Nice 30-60 min episode. Combat can be very dynamic and it has side to side dodges, like COD AW.
Really cool mash up of shooter sci fi samuri cyberpunk themes, matched with fun gameplay, beat the episode in about an hour, I would love to see more of this maybe a couple more episodes and then turn into a full game with exploration and co op aspects, if I understand correctly, one guy made this, or at least a super small group of people, so I'm all for this! Keep doing what your doing developer!!! Hoping for more content!
It is awesome, when you consider that this was made by only one guy. Looking forward for future content!
Big corperations should be ashamed. When small developer or a single person can make something as awesome as this  for a low price like this. But they charge 2$ for a red dot and have loot boxes in 60$ games. This is why the world needs indie developers
So far I'm really impressed :). I like the game a lot. One thing though -_- ... I'd love to sacrifice the B button from cycling the weapon to run/dodge because dodging is far more important then switching the weapon in the other direction. If you have only three weapons (so far) ...who cares? ... pressing the left thumbstick is such a pain x_X ... ...  ... but graphics are great. The main character looks good and let's you peek now and then, which is uhm very appreciated ;). Add more of that. I like it.   Music sounds good, starts heavy in combat like in Doom - thumbs up.  ... and controlls are fine, but as I mentioned, sacrifice B weapon cycling for sprint/dodge. Unfortunately you can't change the xbox controlls afaik. The game is challanging until you find how to fight properly, but then the control scheme gets in your way :/ ...
Despite being short, this was the best one hour of gameplay in a long time.
This game is SO worth the 7 dollar asking price.  It gives me some really good Shadow Warrior/Crysis vibes with a fine pinch of devil may cry put into it.  This game and the one man developer have SO MUCH potential and I wholeheartedly think you guys should buy this.  The only gripes with this game is its 50-60 minute length and you'll need a pretty good PC to run it.  Other than that PLEASE buy this.
Should you buy this game?  - Yes. Is it worth it? - Yes, considered that this is an one-man Project. It is unfortunately, in the current state, quite short.  Positive: - Graphics  - Gore  - Combosystem  - Fast gameplay, without the occasional "RUN FOR COVER!"-Scene - ?Voiceacting? - Bonfire  Mediocore: - Jumping feels odd, it feels like, when you reach the top, gravity pulls instantly with it's full force instead of accelerating     you downwards. - No FoV-Slider, standard FoV is acceptable but I prefer 100-120°. - ?Voiceacting?  Bad: - AI, is most of the time quite stupid. - Cooldown for dashing.  Needs: - FoV-Slider  - Healthbar  - Improved voiceacting: good most of the time, however screams and shouts do sometimes sound emotionless. - Lower cooldown for dashing (~0.5s) - Dashing forward - Better AI 
I normally wouldn't review a game, and this is actually the first time I've even written a review on Steam for any game. Anyway, haven't gotten through the first Ep in this early access version. But I'm on what I assume is the second main boss fight God Xing-Tian.  As to my opinion, for a game that's been developed by a Chinese guy and only one guy in his free time after work and when he has time.  Graphics: a big thumbs up, only issue I found was with the Forest Keeper boss, when I did die, it took a few seconds for him and his scenery to repopulate. But honestly, that's not really an issue, it's a teething issue and ultimately will be fixed.  Sound: a big thumbs up again can't fault it.  Game-play: a big thumbs up again with only 2 things I can see so far: no customised keybindings, honestly I so very rarely change keybindings so it doesn't bother me; and I found it a bit odd that the first 3 weapons you get pretty much are an ar, shotty, and pistol. Seemed a bit odd that AR was key bind 1, shotty 2, and pistol 3. But that is probably a key bind issue.  Speech/Subtitles: Got absolutely np with the speech. I only speak English, and I don't think as much as people are calling for it for English audio. I don't think that is necessary, and it wouldn't fit the style of the game. As for subtitles, only improvement I can suggest is have the option to have them a different colour, or put a black box behind them, as on some backgrounds, it can be hard to read, but it's certainly not game breaking.  Overall: 8-8.5/10 I'll probably rate it higher after I see what else is to come and how many Episodes there will be, price wise, and how long they'll be.
Wow!  Edit: I died 108 times but I beat it!
This game is amazing. Some of the most enjoyable FPS mechanics I've ever seen in a game, and when you combine that with some genuinely impressive visuals and a killer soundtrack you have a recipe for one hell of a good time. This first episode is worth every cent and I am eagerly awaiting for Episode 2.
Game looks amazing but needs controller support.
This game... Just wow. For one person to create this, and, in opinion, be as good if not better than most AAA games. I can not wait for episode 2. Really wish it was a bit longer, but it's easily replayable. I feel like it's Shadow Warrior meets Dark Souls, probably posted in other reviews, but yeah. Awesome, and thank you for this gem.  edit: One thing, I found the WarStorm DVD and never got the achievement for it...
Considering that one person made this game, I'm absolutely blown away. Its short, but a ton of fun and a beautiful game. Not much story, but an upgrade system for skills and a decent replayability keeps you invested. Combat is fun, not overly difficult. Honestly, if you think you might enjoy it, please pick it up and support the dev. Bright Memory has more care in it than most AAA games coming out recently, and it absolutely needs to be supported. Can't wait for the full release!
Thanks for the game. It's price is really good and it's worth it. I hope the dev who works on it continue his work and try to get few more people working with him. On english voice and little more work on the story. Idk if the story problem is because of the voices or not but we can't read all subtitles because they come in moments where we aren't be able to read (combat moments). The combat is the best thing here. It's not easy but not very hard. I guess it's normal if you get used to it. Anyways the graphics is very good. And the skills are interesting. The skill where you remain in air as you shoot reminded me of tf2 rocket jumping :).   overall i give it 7/10. It doesn't have controller support yet and english voices so i think this counts as 3 points for me. The dev already mentioned he's working on controller support so it's a +1 when he makes it.
Good game with nice visuals and gameplay but the developer should solve the licence problems.
So your telling me for 8 bucks i get tasteful sideboob plus a pretty good single player fps?   How is this 8 bucks and everyone else is selling their shit for 80.
Great game! But yeah it was kind of short and not letting me to bind my own keys is kinda frustrating. The skills/abilities were very enjoyable  and rewarding. I hope you change the bindings for other skills like Q+E  skill, it is kinda annoying when I wanna press Q + E but it sometimes end up executing the E  sword skill. Also please add numerical values to the sensitivity slide just to make it easier for the players to decide what sensitivity to use. I hope you also add some skills for the guns like reduce recoil or faster reload. I also suggest that the exp should drop and not float in air because it looks silly. I liked the tracer dodge skill. And is it just me or the time freeze really don't work to God Xing Tian? I wish the Q skill would let me teleport away rather than teleport to the enemy but it's fine to keep it as it is as well.
Beautiful game, wish he made controller support but i guess that can come later. i enjoyed the addition of 21:9 monitor support. tho to mention it does seem bugged. game felt laggy at 60 frames. but all in all this is an amazing for for $6
Other than a few bugs this game is amazing so far, cannot wait for more episodes. Must buy even for someone like me who hates Japanese or Anime like games, like Doom but maybe even better. Recommending this to all my friends.
Play to unlock school uniform and see her "Panties" SERIOUSLY ?  THAT's my like it !!  100/10 pay for her panties  anddddddddd 7/10 for you game  Upgrade more for playing fun dude
this game is entirely worth it. even though there are some rough edges, this is probably my favourite game in this style I've played.
horysheeeeet!!! sorry, so according to the other reviews this game was made from one dude? damn, dude has some skills :) game runs well, with simple options that most AAA don't even have.. (click to ADS instead of hold) game is just about under an hour but seems to have some replayablity to finish the achievements off.
Short proof of concept for $7~. Made by 1 man and yet it looks amazing, the combat is satisfying, and the boss design will end up giving me nightmares.  They could definitely use a better author for English subtitles however that didn't really detract from the game. If you want to wait to see the finished product: Fair enough. For me though, i feel like diving in and giving the first ep a go just increased my hype. I'll definitely be playing more in the future.
It gud
this is a simply amazing game.  a first person shooter with a DMC style meter and a myriad of techno-magic powers. the soundtrack is impressive. the graphical fidelity is incredible (and the graphics menu reflects the changes you make in real time, allowing for fine tuning your looks/performance tolerance), the movement and combat are incredibly smooth. it has a fairly aggressive auto-save. its great.    now sure, it has its bugs and its minor issues. jiggering a functioning controller template through steam's Big Picture is a slight hastle (thank god the dev is working on native support). its still got a bit of that "early access" feeling to it. but for just being one guy, its far and beyond anything i could have expected. and for 7 bucks? ForgetAboutIt.  AAA studios would have trouble making a game this good, even without taking into account team size and price point.
10/10 for BONFIRE LIT
Strongly recomend, as far as strong recomendations aren't  connected to circumstanced strong ways of recomending.  Recently I had been blinded for some parts of a second, dunno what should i recomend next : )
this game is beautiful and the performance is better then most A+++ games im highly impressed for it is only made by 1 person! cant wait for the next episode.  still loads to add to it but its a great start and this could become something massive!!
Great game and better than any other big game company I've played so far
This game was a lot of fun. With the style points and launching enemies, this is a 1st person shooter with some Devil May Cry mixed in. And some Tomb Raider with the platforming and a puzzle. Sounds like a lot, but it does everything surprisingly well. I'm excited for more episodes.
Incredible game play packed with jaw dropping graphic quality that would make you think this is released by a studio with 100's of paid developers. My lack of ability in FPS games made this game an absolute challenge which had my heart racing and my hands shaking. I eagerly await further content from this single creator.   Buy this game. You won't regret it.
Really cool game! cant wait for more!
Well I stumbled upon this game by coincidence actually, due to a news article I found on the Internet praising on how good this game is and claiming it to be better than certain AAA titles, and I can see why. The game offers not only stunning visuals, but also incredibly good and smooth gameplay paired with a nice little story.  While the game is very short and the price may not be justified for that little amount of content, it sure was worth it and I'm definetly looking forward to see more from this developer.  If you like sci-fi shooters than this is defenitly for you.
action packed fun little game, looks amazing too
Bought because it was about $5 and the gameplay looked awesome in the trailer. This is one of very, very few games I have immediately impulse-bought. There was about an hour of gameplay to finish it once, but I think I will probably play through it at least one more time, and it was exactly what I thought it would be from the trailer. It felt great. Absolutely worth what I paid. You can tell it's still in development because it's not totally polished and not everything works perfectly, but it looks like updates are happening already and like much bigger ones are on the way. For more content of the quality of what's already there, I will throw money at the dev guy.  TL;DR BuyIt/10
Very fun! Overall fast, stylish action. Worth the purchase.
Love the combat system, graphics are nice too! Just a few skills but thats OK, I know its not finished yet. Can't wait for the full game!
Amazing game, great game play, feels satisfying to shoot things, awesome soundtrack, fun abilities.  My only gripe is that it is short but that is early access and the developer has promised more so its not really a complaint  For an early access game this is probably one of the best I have ever seen. This should be overwhelmingly positive in reviews but people don't read the early access part of it... People complaining about stuff that the developer has literally said isn't in yet but plans to implement or forgetting the fact that this is an early access game it says if you are unsure as features will be missing don't buy it and then complain that they are missing about it afterwards...
Great game!  That ending boss fight left me with so many emotions that I haven't felt since Sister Friede in DS3!  Definitely recommend to everyone I know.
this is one of the best games i've ever played 9/10
Radical game dawg.
Short but incredible. Gameplay is so damn good. The only downsides that I noticed were the length (< 1hr but still reasonable for price imo) and the AI in a few particular cases seemed slightly dumb. Also really needs controller support but saw an update that it's coming soon.
Fun and challenging to play! Fast base game. Not have to grind many hours for gear and weapons.  Seems lots of actions and puzzles between actions. Character and skills design seems fun. The way your character moving and dodging is cool! Teleport, jumping like super ninja! I wish  it would have pvp/multiplayer version too. Would be blast!
Go ahead! PLZ
still waiting for episode 2
This games mechanics are amazingly intuitive and easy to pick up. it feels just like that mix of fps and rpg elements that one can enjoy. I can't wait to get to play the full version when it releases as i found this combat system very fun and entertaining. Enemy AI when it comes to the mob style enemies is very polished and feels good. overall a very good game, and hope to see it succeed on full release.
2 words, 3 sentences Holy Shit.  Love it. NEED MORE. It speaks volume how an indie dev can pull off something that looks and feels like a AAA game. This game is what happened if [b] COD : AW, Bayonetta and Dark Souls had a threesome and COD got pregnant giving birth [/b] to this magnificent game. Which 2 games I loved most. Sorry COD, your mechanics and gunplay is good, but not the story. Entire playthrough of mine, I encountered 0 bugs. AND MIND YOU THIS IS TAGGED AS EARLY ACCESS. Spoken language is Chinese which i don't mind there's sub anyway, and the menu is in english (granted its translated but only 10% is mistranslated). Overall, looking forward to the entire episodes.
Wicked combat system. Some replayability. Story could use some work but then again, this is all created by one guy. For 6.99, it's a steal, even moreso when considering it's also discounted (at the time of this review). The game is certainly promising, heres to hoping it gets realised to its full potential. Way better than most AAA titles nowadays...
Beautiful game with amazing combat. The English translations could be better  Its basically dark souls with a gun
This is actually pretty good for just one developer
This game brought me back to  Serious Sam's and Bulletstorm times. Back to all good  fast paced,striking driving and a lot of fun gameplay. This  is really fast paced game with a tons of intensive gameplay and hordes of enemies thrown at you but it have some issues to be Short - decent game that deserves to:  1.Be bought, but I personally recommend do it when its on discount(buyed myself  -30% off) 2.Respect as only 1 person is developing it 3.Be heard and spread a word about this game because this guys is really talented IMO 4.Be prepared that its more like an demo introduction than actual full game  [h1] Description and my expierence [/h1]  The quick start of the game caught me off guard ,I wasn't expecting this kind vigorous gameplay  at the start and thats a good thing.I was so fully  consumed by whats is happening on the monitor that swallow me in first minute of the game.The story is really awkward at this momment and even subtitles  doesn't help you to catch the point to where or why we are having journey in and what are  our motives or thoose who is  surrounding us,also subtitles are badly translated at some places. The sound and music is really good and I mean it ,it really fills in the game atmosphere and you feel like you just flow with it.Its like almost predicts where and what kind of sound you need at this moment. The graphics is quite well ,can't say its something special but still its a quite good picture. The gameplay itself is very fast paced and quick combating.I really enjoyed some of the fights but not all, Ill go to this later.There is a lot of space for experimenting with your abilites and manouvering that's what I personally like in FPS with RPG elements,also you can take two good abilites and with some knowledge and your own tactic become devastating for those who will go against you.  [h1] Issues and some weirdness [/h1]  I can't say it's really was a lot of fun for me combating the beings from different dimension(or alternative world ,whatever) cuzz controlls are kinda weird and the fact that its impossible to change keybinds is frustrating me quite a lot.its a PC game not an platfrom X'box or PS.Also there's some  bugs as well,not harmful for gameplay but I got to the point in the gamewhere you need to climb all the way down to the platform that must be lower down after the cutscene but before that you must eliminate the soldiers on a floor level which I did and nothing happened.I aknowledge this that its a bug by simply reloging into a game menu  and then it work'd properly this time,still its a issue and there is more.Using the hook ability  might be tricky and its clumsy to be honest it works only from proper angle so dont try to use it unless you are on EXACT place where you ACTUALLY CAN use it. The combat itself is awkward - from one side its really is good enough and abilites are great and interesting to use ,the enemies are pretty well designed and fun to face.From Second side its really is unbalanced especialy when it comes to bosses  but thats more of level design issue cuzz fighting the last boss was really goofy and tiresome on the arena so small and so obstructed by enemies where you cant even dodge properly because you got pushed to the wall.The usual enemies are often getting you pissed off because they come from nowhere and get you by numbers but not with something special about them its just they outnumber you and thats it which turns the starting fun into boring pest killing arcade.  [h1] Conclusion [/h1]  Pros: +optimization +fast combat FPS with few RPG elements +good graphics and effects +Quick and action driven gameplay +some small puzzles  +really good sound and music +interesting abilities  +enviroment design  and enemies Cons: -Very short,and I mean veeeerrryy.... -The hook and some places you cant use without it (even if you are stuck and see the actual point that you can use it right in front of you) -design of some places (like arena on the last boss) -the control settings can't be changed at the moment and they feel strange  -the story is awkward  -no english voice acting  SUM 7/10
While short, the game is very enjoyable even after the first run
I love this game, better game than tomb raider haven't played it much as im in the navy so i pc game with games like this because its a lot easier and much more compact. In all honetly what ive played wiith a mouse. its a great game it just needs controller support
The game was great, the action was great.... but way too short. It left me wanting more, more, more!  I would still say this game was worth the money I paid for it.   Action: Spectacular Audio: Great Gameplay: Great Length: Not Enough Content Yet 
[h1] Bright Memory - Episode 1 is a solo developed early access treat. [/h1]  Score 7.4/10  Pros: + Fun and smooth combat + Interesting combat abilities + Gorgeous graphics and effects + Good performance + Well designed enemies + Fitting music  Cons: - Few awkward enemy placements - Clumsy hook ability - Poor English subtitles - Characters sound lifeless  Other: - The game is short (Around 30 minutes)   [h1] Story [/h1] Score - 5.5  Much is not revealed yet. You are playing as our heroine Sheila who travels to the sky of land trying to prevent SAI from digging out secrets regarding rebirth of ancient creatures. Bright Memory is set in 2020 in a beautiful setting where we are put between a war of future science and ancient civilization. The first episode lasts for 30 minutes and makes you eager for more.   While the story proves to be interesting it falls flat because of the poor character sounds and good English subtitles.    [h1] Gameplay [/h1] Score - 9   I have personally never experienced a game like this before. Bright Memory is a fast paced combo shooter from the first person perspective and it nails most of it's gameplay.  Combat is divided between weapons and abilities. Shooting in this game feels fantastic no matter which weapon you use. Shelia's weaponry includes an assault rifle, a shotgun and a pistol. Using the weapons is smooth and fun and shooting baddies feels rewarding. Abilities however manage to be even greater. Your blade is a blessing, hitting with it deals lots of damage and makes you feel better about yourself, having to close the range will make the experience more exciting while making the player feel less safe. The second main ability EMP is a great way to deal with those smaller hordes of enemies and while I did not like to use this ability that much, it was equally important as the other combat elements and provided you some extra time to kill. Combat in this game was just pure fun and better than in most first person shooters out there.  Moving around the world as Shelia was mostly fluid no matter the situation. The combat movement whether it was dodging or just aiming and shooting at the enemy was executed well and moving on the game world felt good. Some rocks could get you stuck but there was usually a way around that. There was one bigger flaw as well which is the hook ability. Hook is used to rappel around the world in certain spots and I managed to die few times because the ability did not trigger. While I admit that this could just be my clumsiness, I think it needs some polish.  Variety in enemies is also a big factor in what makes the gameplay so great. From those smaller animals to soldiers to bigger bosses, I felt like the variety in this 30 minute episode was fairly balanced. Some enemies were awkwardly placed but that did not affect the gameplay at all, it was more of a visual problem to see enemies in awkward places and it did weird me out a bit.   Going to my favorite part about the entire game which were the unironically the epic boss fights.  There were few during the game and while I think that the future bosses could use some different mechanics and patterns, I enjoyed them a lot.  Thanks to the very strong combat, fighting these enemies was truly joyful.   [h1] Graphics [/h1] Score - 8.5    Bright Memory is a fairly gorgeous game and without arguing one of the best looking early access titles ever made.  The game has been created in Unreal Engine which allows the graphics to be well, Unreal. The graphical effects are an eye candy and everything from textures to lightning feels like it's done by a much bigger AA+ studio. Character and enemy design is also top quality and while their facial animations are still very simple, It's easy to say that they overall look really good.  it's a true miracle that one man was able to do all of this.  Performance wise it's also a big surprise, the game runs on stable 60fps on my R3 1300X - 1050Ti 4GB Rig so it's a safe purchase for lower spec gaming computers as well.   [h1] Sound [/h1] Score - 6.5  The voice acting sounded lifeless which for me is something I can overlook but because the poor English subtitles made understanding the story much harder, I cannot really give points to the way they handled this part of the sounds. Those are some factors that they must polish in future.  Unlike most people, I don't have any needs for English dubs as I believe that the original language is 95% of the time the better way to experience the game. However this is heavily my personal opinion and I agree that having more options is good.   Music is probably the last important factor that makes this game feel so good. On selection we have some electrifying j-rock that fits the fast pace of the game very well and enchants the action filled experience even further.   [h1] Conclusion [/h1] Overall Score - 7.4  Bright Memory is an early access treat that is filled with lots of great elements that make the game feel exciting and refreshing. It's a really great project which does not lack any ambition.  I really would recommend this game to everyone who likes any kind of first person shooter or action games. Supporting a project like this a good idea and I hope that it will grow to be a healthy and beautiful game for us all in future.
It's like DMC and DOOM had a baby and this is what came out.  Great game would recommend to anyone who likes action games
JUST TAKE MY MONEY AND RELASE PART 2
Long Story Short - Give this developer your money so he's encouraged to create more.  I'm not going to draw this out too much but basically this game feels like an old arcade shooter in the best way possible.  That's just my personal opinion about it.  I really got into the zone with this game and it made me feel like I was in an arcade blasting my way through each area to show a short cinematic to connect the next area.  I love it.  I'll be honest this game does not take very long to complete.  About 30 minutes should get the job done however I died a few times at the Xing Tian.  I will admit that part did frustrate me a bit but I'm probably just bad at the game.   It's styled beautifully and there are a couple of minor things I could point out about some of the enemies animations flow but it's nothing that interrupts or ruins the gameplay.  This is a developer I will be keeping my eye on as I impatiently await Episode 2.  Hats off to FYQD, this game is dope.
Excelent FPS with awesome and fast combat. One of the best FPS combat I've ever played. Really inovative. Looking forward for the finished game
Good combat mechanic , interested story and gorgeous graphic!
1. the games has some weird graphics issues the game looks good but rendering is weird and I notice frame skips it isn't that the skips are bad it is that they happen enough I notice them. 2. the controls are wacky I am okay with not being able to change keybinds because it is early access but I cannot use the mouse smoothing it just feel weird and IDK why you made mouse smooting the default or even using it this game isn't coming out on consoles and doesn't controller support and you can't change it yet which isn't a big issue it is that you made the default weird 3. the subtitle's are google translate you could pay somebody on fiverr to translate or have someone you know to do it hell I will do it for free this is actually what I sent in to get refund but I thought it would work for a review as well but overall I like this game the comabt is fun and the graphics look good if you don't have a problem with controls and have a good PC I highly reccomend this but I am a stickler for controls (game paid for by gamekit https://gamekit.com/?reflink=cfc5-111795624)
cool cool
Honestly, it's pretty sad that a title like this with (I'm assuming) an extremely low development budget provides a fresher game play experience than any of the AAA titles out there right now. I almost never spend money on games I've never heard of, but I'm glad I did because this is seriously a blast to play.
CHEAP but high quality product Good Graphic Game play is fun You can unlock skill with exp You lose your exp if you die (ノ・∀・)ノ Juz liek dork souls There's boss fight   Juz liek dork souls (ノ・∀・)ノ There's Dark Souls reference [spoiler] You can find one bonefire [/spoiler] Good balance of Sci-Fi and fantasy theme  Still in Early Access, short can finish in 30-40 minutes But there's new game plus you can replay the content with all your unlocked upgrades  9/10
Really good game overall. I had fun playing it and it is nice to have a different game out playing then just another battle royale or something. Only downside is the first episode/campaign is really short. I bought it for 1.99 so well worth the money but it is such a short campaign sadly. Still I recommend playing and I cant wait for Episode 2!!!
Pretty amazing for being made by one dude, but it has about the amount of content you'd get in a demo.  Ultimately it felt underwhelming but it was clearly a ton of work and I haven't done anything with my life.
All i can say is wow.
I never write reviews but damn this game is absolutely incredible
Fast action combat, left me wanting to play more.  I hope the development goes well.
Actually pretty fun
AMAZING game but its too short.
It's really hard to pin down exactly what this game really is. Yes it is short, but on sale you basicly pay 10 cent per minute of 1 playtime(unless youre a bit of a noob like I am, and die 6 times). There are some translation errors, and what little story there is so far is really confusing. But the gameplay is just so satisfying! Dodging, special skills and shooting feels solid, and the music and sound design works really well. It's quite obvious where some of the inspiration for this game comes from, and Im fine with it. It might just be a bit over a half hour at this point, but it was a proper half hour of fun for yours truly.
This gave me flashbacks to Destiny 2. It's a game a really want to play, but I can't on the potato I currently have.
Pretty good game. About 40 minutes of playtime. Sometimes the gun wont fire and  my character got stuck a once on nothing causing me to die. It's  worth a play.
[b]8/10[/b] (First Episode) [b][i]"Thank god, Dante (DMC) f*cked Cereza (Bayonetta)."[/i][/b] Bright Memory is a pretty good action hack'n'slash shooter, which has a linear level design with small fighting areas to pass for progression. Basically we already know every game mechanic, skill, etc. from different games, but Bright Memory does the trick, combines 'em and therefore makes a lot of fun! Additionally it didn't cost 100+Mio $$$ to do so. One guy shows the world, how "easy" it can be to make gamers happy. So, plz finish this action hack'n'slash loveletter!  [u]Pros:[/u] + great what 1 guy can achieve + very good gameplay + very good sound & music + very good controls + good graphics + good atmosphere  + good story + runs very smooth + you want more  [u]Cons:[/u] - you want more - only 1 episode, yet - no key mapping, yet - no controller support, yet - short playtime (70mins), yet  [u]Verdict:[/u] [b]Support him, buy and enjoy it![/b]
Wow. I had more fun in that 31 min (I paused at one point to talk to family over-the-phone) then I have in a long while. What a cool start to what would make a really great full-game. I hope buying into EA helps them make the full-game I am sure they want to. I would at least say this, if you are the type of person that could play a "mission" over and over again as long as it was fun, then you would get your money's worth out of Bright Memory so far for $5. If you are not that type of person, I might wait for it to go on sale, just because $5 for 30 mins is pretty meh, at least here in the states. But again, wow. If you are neither of those people and just have $5 to spare and you like shooters, I do not believe you will be disappointed by Bright Memory for several reasons.  The biggest reason is that it feels like Asian Doom with Dark Souls enemy design, and I say that in the best of ways. The soundtrack rocks, and kicks in just as combat does. The combat itself is basically neo Doom (adrenaline-fueled speed, crisp gunplay, blood splatter, etc.), but with added powers/skills that are just plain cool. In my short time I was able to get enough XP to test out the Lightning ability which was crisp and required charging (something that you will see requires a bit of timing and strategy because of how fast paced combat is), among a few others that were also very cool. To be honest, I am seeing some things in this game that I don't think I have ever seen before, which you will just have to experience to understand, but overall I would buy a game that was 30-40 hrs of just this, if that makes sense. It was just that fun, even considering:  - The terrible subtitles work (which, I get it, it's not the native language of the development team, so no biggie); and - The pseudo-anime styled characters (not sure how to describe it, but I would have just went with realism instead).  The main character is the best example of this - she is gorgeously modeled, but the art-style just looks out of place.  P.S. that Dark Souls nod was awesome. I wish the best for the developers of this game, whether the full version sees the light of day or not. This half-hour was definitely a blast.
Nice game
best game ever !!
Suprisingly good game for a potato like me who spent 2 hours just trying to kill the final boss. Depth and shadow are well implemented. Look forward to future episode. ~
This is much fun!
This game is very short, however is fun and replayable, but bare that in mind when making a purchase. The gameplay feels like someone took DOOM and DMC's lovechild, and its great. A whole host of abilities, being able to launch and juggle enemies, the game is good. However, it can be a bit wonky, but its currently early access, and this episode is very short, plus the story seems ok, but the English subtitles are horrendous in places.  Overall, if it goes on sale and you're interested, its worth trying, but it may not be for everyone.
Very nice for early access, combat is really fun, nice visually. Story delivery could use some improvements and subtitles are sometimes hard to read, and some grammar errors are annoying. Hopefully we get English VA when the game is done.
This game has sooo much potential, there's only one guy developing it, but his vision is crystal clear, you can easily notice his insipirations inside the first episode. This game has an amazing blend of gameplay featuring an exciting combat system that has a great flow to it whilst being tactical (meaning you have to watch your movement and positioning to win a fight). I am happy to support this game whenever i get the chance and will surely buy the final product. Great work FYQD.
It looks really good! The gameplay is fast, makes fun and reminiscent of Devil may Cry. You will not be able to understand the story, because the game throws you into the action without any explanation. But the story is not very important, because the Fokos is the gameplay, I guess.  I'm exited for the next Episode.
i give my recomendation because this game looks promising.  the story is intresting gameplay is really simple and run smoothly on my pc with RX 580 even its using unreal engine  i hope the developper add more weapons variant and the known issue is the control still clunky + some glitch that make my playtime little wasted to deal with that. its normal because this game is still early access.  i hope the developper polish this game little more and fix the problem.  i like it, and im waiting for the sequel !
Fantastic for what it is. The only problem is it being a bit short so I finished it having only half the skills unlocked. Can't wait for more!  Ammo seems a problem. The bonfire sword gave me two more magazines of auto ammo which wasn't a lot considering it takes about a minute to use all of the auto ammo you start with. On the other hand I finished with still a couple hundred spread ammo left.  A couple of the big units were hard because I couldn't tell if my dodge was working and couldn't tell if I was being hit or not.  Overall very fun though only expect 15 minutes of gameplay tops.
The current story is hard to follow, and I barely understand what's going on, BUT none of that matters currently. I love a good story, but I also understand the limitations of a small dev team. On the other hand though, the gameplay and combat are fantastic, and manage to feel super unique even though it's technically been done before to an extent. I literally played the current content twice back to back, because the combat was THAT much fun! I really hope this dev adds a lot more in the future, because while it's not 100% polished, what's there so far is fun as hell.
Well I like the game design and features, but I hate the control. I don't know why sometimes I can't dodge, maybe there is an interlude after dodge. Still don't understand it because no info or tutorial about it. Only hits like press space to jump, press shift a to dodge, etc. Because of it and the character is very slow eventhough I already dodge, so I easily die !!! 22 deaths !!!   I hope you fix it..   But overall I like it..
Bright Memory is a promising start to an interesting game. It stars a young operative, Sheila, who is trying to stop a group known as SAI from reaching the "Land of Sky" to mine the secrets of it's inhabitants and their rebirth.  PRO - The story is pretty great from what I understand of it so far. There isn't too much delivered so far but it seems like it will be a good story. - Bright Memory looks really nice and runs pretty well. - The Chinese audio gives a better sense of immersion. - There's a few skills and abilities to play around with which are fun to use. - Achievements are challenging if not a little easy at times. - The boss and standard enemy designs are nice. - The music fits the game really well. - It's not too difficult but you need to utilise your skill set to overcome the enemy.  NEUTRAL - Since this is a Chinese game there are a fair number of spelling and grammatical mistakes but nothing that comes close to making you feel lost in translation.  CON - Right now it's a pretty short game that can be completed in around 30 to 45 minutes. - To be expected from an Early Access title there are quite a few bugs and glitches but these should hopefully be fixed in no time as the game expands. - The checkpoint system is a little messed up. I fought a boss, defeated him and went off to the next area but fell down a ravine. I then spawned to the moment where I was about to fight the boss and yes, I had to beat him again to continue.  For £3.63 (EA sale price) it's worth a play through or even if you just have half an hour spare to give it a go. I expect good things from this game as it develops.
Very short but very awesome! And it's amazing gameplay, Gives me sort of a Doom kind of like game, Except with EXO suits and abilities to send EMP and hacking & slashing to the beasts that stand in your way, This game is crazy! And I love it~ Also cause it has the Chinese voice acting going on, and i'm crazy for dubs like that!   ...Yet, I don't know shit about Chinese. Interesting logic right?
If you enjoy fast-paced shooters, this is for you. Even though the game is incredibly short (less than one hour), it manages to make it worth every euro/dollar/whatever you use. I played the game twice, just so I could unlock everything and look for collectibles (or collections as the game calls them). The biggest flaw in this game is the translation. I get the feeling that this was translated with google translate as there are many things that seem weird/out of place, but most of the time you will understand what they're trying to say.  I'm looking forward to seeing how ep2 will come out as he's now building  a small team.
Great Game
very good and verry recommended, but i feel little fps issue for gtx 1060 but that ok if this game still in progres
Devil may cry 3 in firts person mode. definitely recommended.
Great game for a one person work ! Would love to see what the future will reserve now that he'll have a team working with him !
DARK SOULS 2077  Fast paced gameplay, fluid combat and ran smoothly without any bugs what else could you ask for. Really makes you feel like Yasuo knocking up enemies and slashing them with your sword.
[h1] Bright Memory - Episode 1 Review[/h1] [h1]Introduction:[/h1] Well, this is a surprise. Bright Memory is a child between Devil May Cry, Dark Souls and Doom. It has the enemy design with the combat multiplier (B, A, S, SS, SSS) from DMC, the enemy attack pattern memorization and boss fights from Dark Souls and the frantic shooting from Doom. All this with an amazing graphical quality and design that makes me shocked to imagine only one person developed all this. This review comes from someone that beat the Episode 1 week 1 (New Game) and week 2 (New Game+)  [h1]Gameplay:[/h1] As stated before, this game has an array of different games mechanics that mix quite well. When I started the game and it introduced mechanics, it showed some great qualities. It has a solid, albeit small, selection of guns for combat (1 shotgun, 1 submachine and 1 pistol). A basic Sword combat (spam E to slash and two powers that you can use when spamming E). Besides those there are 3 powers that you can use (make enemies float, [spoiler] stop time [/spoiler] and [spoiler]electric attack that does area damage and makes enemies stay still [/spoiler]. The guns are fun to shot, with the submachine being much more interesting than the shotgun, having better recoil and sound. The powers are cool, but would be nice to have different cooldown pools and different key binding (all use F to activate). The enemies are interesting, having a huge variety, from random soldiers with guns to large beasts that use melee combat. This adds a nice variety to the game that is welcomed. The combat is simple and getting large multipliers (A or S or even SS) is quite simple. I only died once to a misplaced jump, the game is quite on the easy side. When talking about Environment, this is a very strict corridor shooter. Go from point A to point B. Nothing mind blowing, but works well with the gameplay offered.  [h1]Story:[/h1] The story is messy and it will not be the reason for you to get this game. It has potential, but nothing that caught my attention too much. The delivery (all in Chinese) is weak, but it may be my personal opinion here.   [h1]Graphics[/h1] Another great aspect of the game is its graphics. Characters are well detailed (particularly Shelia and the bad guy(?)) as well as enemies. Environment is good, having three main areas: Lab, Jungle and Ruins. Overall very well done and another great aspect of the game.  [h1]Overall Feelings:[/h1] This is a great game and a must if any of the previous comparisons interested you (Devil May Cry, Dark Souls and Doom). It has its own ideas to bring to the table, but still many ideas show it's face here. Keep in mind that, since this only has Episode 1, you will have less than 1 hour per run of enjoyment. The New Game+ modes (or weeks) add nothing new to the table, so it is a very short experience. I liked what I got and the price is quite low, but your taste may not like it. Overall a must have to people that love shooters.
[h1]Best 7$ i've used in an year[/h1] (except for drinks that's something else... why am i typing this idk? I should go sleep).   [b][u]Gameplay and graphics[/u][/b] reminded me of the good old Devil May Cry times. This might make me want to buy Dmc 5.  In my 30 minute experience, i never came in touch with any kind of bugs or anything (at least that's what it felt like....). Ill have to try it out a couple more times to check that out.  Remarkable Gameplay and graphics for a one person developed game. (although i woulda liked a sliding motion e.e but meh you get what you get. I'm satisfied with this)    [b]2nd playthrough[/b], definitely had bugs but not game breaking so that's fine. It should probably be fixed by an update sooner or later.  [b][u]Story[/u][/b] Reminds me of the game Crysis <EA> (yes i know its aliens in that game but still.... YOU DON'T HAVE MY BRAIN YA DUMBNUT) but who knows there might be another game that has the same story as this. The world is small after all. It's an interesting story so far. Can't wait for the rest of the story to be told.  [i][b]If you want to try this out. Buy it and support the dev for the upcoming episodes and more to come to this game.[/b][/i]
TL;DR Get it if you want to support a game with a lot of potential and help the guy who made this. It has flaws and is short, but it's a good experience if you want to see a game that has potential.  Bright Memory - Episode 1 is honestly a rather short game with okay/good gameplay. That being said, there's a reason why this game is highly rated and enjoyed. If I could describe this game with one word, it's likely potential. It's a word that's thrown around by a lot of steam reviews easily, but I think it's never applied better to a game in recent memory. The game itself is a hybrid of a first-person shooter and DMC. This episode is rather short (30 minutes - 1 hour). The game itself has a few issues but the thing I'd like to focus on is the combat. This game surprisingly has good combat but it's just a little short of excellent in my opinion. Whereas Devil May Cry's control scheme allows for a large moveset, first-person games tend to already hog the controls a ton already with the controls. This game surprisingly pulls it off well by giving you several abilities. My problem with the combat currently is just the variety of uses the abilities have. Admittedly, I am not extremely creative with movesets so I may be at fault a bit here, but I found the combat to not have a lot of ways it could be manipulated to obtain better or varied outcomes. Some abilities I think have uses but they aren't really useful outside of a few sections. One that comes to mind is the grab ability. You use it throughout the episode akin to a grappling hook. However, in combat itself it isn't really useful. You have ranged weapons so there is no incentive to really get close, especially since your weapons don't stun the enemies (aside from the abilities, which all can be used at a distance still). While I don't have suggestions for abilities that could replace the ones we currently have or even expand them, one suggestion I do have is having different abilities for what weapon you have currently equipped akin to weapons in DMC. If you could switch out your weapons quickly and they had different abilities, I imagine you can have synergy between your abilities on each weapon. Outside of that, the combat performance grading scale needs some help. It's extremely easy to get SSS and as a result I don't feel like I earned it that much. The other thing is enemies are a little boring in my opinion. While some can be very deadly, they aren't very interesting either. The [spoiler] Lord of the Forest [/spoiler] comes to mind as an enemy that is very deadly if you get too close but also very easy to cheese. Some of this is due to the idea of combining a FPS with DMC. While my weapons don't do much, my incentive is basically keep running in a circle and just hit him with my abilities after they come off cooldown. It's a dumb way to win and maybe that's on me, but it felt like the fight could have been designed better. Overall, Bright Memory is a FPS and DMC combined with some synergy issues and design flaws, but overall a surprisingly solid attempt at it I think, especially when it's coming from just one guy.  P.S. The bonfire system made me laugh. It really just looks like Dark Souls. It's not a bad thing, but it made me feel like it was either a parody joke for a split second or something. It has no use as far as I know.
If you ever dreamed of a game who ally fast paced FPS and an ARPG then this is for you! The story is a bit confusing for now, but in term of gameplay and graphics it's awesome! This little proof of concept who is the Episode 1 is soon to become a game if the developper have enough fund, he will gather some people to work on the game apparently, let's support him and his future colleagues! #FPSARPG
 The game is one of the best games I played in 2019, the gunplay and graphics are just fantastic, I hope the other releases / episodes will be so good.
Never wrote a review in my life so I hope people will have the decency to be gentle on me. Here I go.  So far, this game is a testament to early access done right. The game is loads of fun, and if the final version is even better, then this will be one of the best FPS games in quite some time. The game isn't very difficult, but you will die a lot if you aren't careful. Yes, it's those kinds of difficulties.   Not everything is blue skies and hummingbirds. The game as it currently stands has a few minor bugs, the UI is just a tad cluttered (at least to some people it will be) and the UI around the gun can get in the way of the subtitles sometimes. There are some translation errors as well but not bad enough to make it hard to understand. I also experienced a couple crashes, but had no crashes in my 1st playthrough, so not sure if it was the game or me, but I thought I should point it out in case I'm not the only one. But if these are ironed out in a future update, and the dev nails the English dub should he ever add it, then these aren't really negatives to be concerned about. They're minor at worst anyway. I feel this game is gonna end up being a niche masterpiece if it only gets better from here. And it deserves all the praise and support it gets.   This is already my favorite FPS game of all time. And that's saying a lot. The game has been in development for a few years (someone correct me if I am wrong), by one developer, and is scheduled to release in 2021 from what I've heard. The game is planned to be approximately 3hrs long. I also heard the guy is looking to hire additional people to work on the game. If it means a more refined final version, I am all-in. This guy has earned my support 100%.
This is a fun, action packed, fresh shooter.  i wasnt sure what to expect, BUT i had a ton of fun! totally worth my few $ cant wait for the next episode.  Pros: This game is very pretty, and runs very well and suprised me how well it looks and runs. personally i was not disapointed. the audio is on point considering it is on a loop for the scenes it still hits the mark for a great first time impression. Boss fights are fun and open to experiment, kind of limited ammo so you are not, like... carrying invisible bags of ammo on you but a good amount if you miss all over.  The pistol can carry you just like the shotgun and AR.  Totally worth the experience. Dark Souls references. haha they are gold in my opinion.   Cons: the grappling hook for the big room "puzzle" kinda stumped me on how to make the jump because i didnt look at the celling. If you interact with the terminal from the opposite side you warp to the other side to trigger the cut-scene. it is kinda odd but also funny. the voice actor sounds different for the same character while in action. like her cut-scene voice actor sounds different than her in combat voice, but that could be me and my peasant ears. Hit boxes seem to sway around the enemies when there is a lot going on, also ammo seems to spawn or regenerate or evaporate because the game or engine lost count.. maybe.. i watched my pistol ammo change values at different point, i was given ammo or the game lost count and it evaporated but not really a big deal, just something i noticed.  OVERALL this is a fun fresh experience and i enjoyed the hell out of it.  i dont really care if its in a different language this is a really cool, beautiful, fun game that feels like the people that worked on it actually worked on it and cared about their project, their creation.  I will be buying the next Episode.
Give that man a cookie!!! Nice game guys, need to try... Also you have Bonfire :D P.S Jumping sound and exo suit is taken from Cod: Advanced Warfare :D
This game is amazing, cant wait for next episode
Overall solid game. It's a bit short, but that's pretty much to be expected when the game's being developed by one person.  The achievements are there to add more replay value. Gameplay is pretty great. It's kind of a hack-and-slash FPS hybrid that works well with each other. Graphics are impressive. Though, you might want to turn down some effects, if the visuals are too much for you. Looking forward to Episode 2!
still early access this game not bad it was good tho
Holy shit the reviews are not wrong, this game is awesome. It's like Mass Effect crossed with Tomb Raider. Can't wait for the future releases.   This one guy just shit all over Ubisoftc0ck by making something better than they have in years.
i only play this game for 76 minutes (1hr 16 mins) and to be honest this game isn't bad for an early access. good graphics 9/10. 8/10 gameplay. overall 8.5/10 definitely recommend this game.
Woah
I will say I see a lot of references and what inspired the developer to make this game.  It may be short for an early access episode but its insanely good!  I will keep playing until the next episode comes out.  All I can say is this game is worth every penny and has been the best choice of a purchase since my purchase for DOOM.  If you want something exciting, not bland and ahead of its time go for this game!    10/10 would keep playing again and again!
The graphics are too good for my radeon huhuhuu. If you guys can see this I have a question. Is Radeon Vega 8 work in this game with a smooth fps?
alot of fun to play and really well made. :)
Nice game! Graphics amazing!  I just wanted to release many of the players' mode like this: D It would be amazingĄ
Bright Memory may be fantastic — or it may be pretty good. I know I have positive feelings towards it. There is no doubt in my mind about that. But even though I played through it a couple of days ago and have given myself some time to process it I still can’t work exactly where I stand.  I’ll start by talking about the gameplay. Just as you see in the trailer you have a first person combat system against demons, soldiers and… armadillo-lions? You have a gun, but its boring, you have a sword but you have to give it time to re-charge after using it. A basic system that makes sense. However, and others may not have this issue, I found it really clumsy to play this game on keyboard. I know that FPSs tends to work better on mouse and keyboard normally, but I feel this played just enough like a character action game (such as Devil May Cry or Bayonetta) that it would fair a lot better on a console controller.  When I played it there was no controller support, however, the guy making the game did make a post that same day saying that controller support was his next project for the game.  For the most part the combat is fun. It’s fast and its rewarding to see your score tracker shoot up. But the first person perspective may have held it back. There were one or two times I died due to poor spacial awareness. Granted, plummeting off a cliff because I wasn’t paying attention as I tried to kite enemies is (at least a little)my own fault. But I compare it to how tight and smooth the movements in a game like Devil May Cry 4 feels and I can’t help but think that third person is a more natural perspective for this genera.  I also felt the HUD was a little chaotic. For example there is a big orange-red circle that floats around your gun. I’m still not sure what that was, maybe a health bar? Maybe just a bit of decoration? Regardless it was a clumsiness that I really didn’t need on my HUD. Perhaps a few toggle functions on graphics like this could be helpful.  The plot… exists? I’m not sure what else to say about it. I’ll avoid any major spoilers, but I’m not sure it made enough sense for me to write any. You are infiltrating a facility. You activate a piece of tech. Some guy called Carter turns up and he is clearly to be some kind of antagonist who you have history with from what I can understand. But don’t ask me what that history is or why any of us were even there to begin with?  You all get sucked into a portal — which I think was Carters plan… Maybe? Then your in a flying land and your character says something about this being somewhere above the north pole. Then demons arrive and your character seems totally okay with that? Are demon attacks normal in this world? I’m not saying that’s impossible, it’s just trying to wrap my head around anything in this story or world was a chore that I failed at entirely. Now all that being said, it is called “episode one” for a reason, and the simple fact that I’m trying to read into everything is a credit to the games art-style and overall atmosphere because it has got me invested enough in it’s plot that I’m annoyed that I don’t get it.  I’ve made a few negative comments in this review, so I just want re-affirm that this game is a good time. It is loud, colourful and exciting. With the exception of an occasional perspective issue it feels good to play which I’d argue is the most important thing for an action game to achieve. With a price point of about $10 AUD and a developer who appears to be invested in improving and supporting the title I have no issue recommending this game.  I do have one final comment: I have not looked into this myself much, but I noticed a few accusations that the game may use assets stolen from Aliens: Colonial Marines and Blessed Online. As I said I have not personally looked into this but if this is a concern for you then you may wish to investigate further.
Feels and plays wonderful. Putting people to shame, very much looking forward to more episodes.
This game is a demo, and I'd say even a somewhat overpriced one; but fuck me if this wasn't just some of the most fun I've had in an FPS for a while. I personally would advise you to look up gameplay and only buy this if you think it looks interesting and want to support the developer. It might not be the most polished game, but I honestly don't regret spending money on it.
个人工作室能做成这样我只能说太厉害了
if you'd have told me this was made by a lone Asian guy I wouldn't have believed you but it was. The game has very DOOM-esque combat so if you are into that I definitely recommend this game although its short (to be expected though with only 1 dev). Best £3.63 I've ever spent on steam. BUY IT :)
what a game   SUPER SATISFY  this is well worth the sale asking price right now  i cant get over how well this game runs and plays ..  the triple A gaming companys are really showing how much there  missing the point these days   ok right as a game it is very very short right now and as it is in early access this is too be expected , and i will be watching what this game is going too  do  in the next  few months .. i do hope that as the game progresses the episodes will be longer and  have more content on them as i feel this one was more of a taster demo than a game  you pay for .. but again this is in early access   it feels very lara croft crossed with devil may cry .. and this is a very good thing . both the gameplay and the gunplay is very pleasing and was a joy   the sound design has a very good palet of feel and really is great for a game from this genre and the developers even tho it is in chinese this does not go against this game and really does  help it .. as your not being babied about as most games do these days ...  for eg .. i lit a bonfire ...dunnow why .. didnt explain why .. and didnt see anything but i lit it  great .. got me wondering for a while what that was about .. thats a good thing   there is bad points BUT as this is in early access these are not yet and issue  you cannot rebind your keys (altho there layed out not too bad)  you cannot use a controller .. and in this type of game a controller is almost a miss as they really feel better  NO third person view .. this is something they need too add  and i hope they do .. whats the point in the school girl outfit  without that .. eh .. (winky face)  and way too short .. if all the episodes are going too be this short then i worry for the game cost total and the playtime   thats about it .. really is nothing compared   this early access game gets a solid 8/10 (already) from me  and as early access games go that is really good for me ... altho no controller support sucks (but in the discussions its on the way)   my final thoughts on this are and i quote   SUPER SATISFY
good game, though i beat it in less then an hour. still in a early stage but pretty fun if you're a fan of games like shadow warrior. only complaint is the bosses are pretty much just bullet sponges and are not very interesting to fight.
I wish that all the big gaming companies would put out something this good. To who ever made this good job.
-Looks Good -Runs like butter -Awesome combat and abilities -Costs a meal -Isn't made by EA -Doesn't use a buggy engine -No ties to Actishit   Can't Wait Epiosde 2 <3
If my 'Memory' of playing this game serves me right, It has a 'Bright' future ahead of itself.        Ok. I'll leave now.
Non stop action, you never get a break but it's very short
Fast paced, good gameplay, lovable the coices of ability that guaranteed endless combos, good 3d models (not so fluid and somethimes enemyes get stuck on objects) and a female protagonist?  what else we could want?  A part 2 obviously.
This Game Rocks.  Great shooter mechanic, fast paced gameplay, Arena Boss fights, Top GFX/SFX and a "Lara Croft" on fire. i can fully recommend this game at this price.
this game is hilarious and it has many potentials but at this time its very short
Dark Souls + Fps + Hack and Slash = Awesome Game
"It's telling when a single Chinese guy in his basement with nothing but duct tape, eggrolls and google translate can put out a better product than anything Activision or EA's made in a decade." -This single review made me purchase the game and I think it should make you too. Lemme explain.  "EARLY ACCESS If have any problems in the process of game can be discussed at STEAM page, the future will not be updated regularly, so stay tuned."  Yes this is the first thing you see in the loading screen when you open the game up. So review is honest so far.  "Bright Memory Is An Ambitious Shooter Made By One Guy" -headline of some article.  Alright so it is made by a single Asian guy. Review is still fully honest.  So at this point I check out the price and screenshots "Damm what the heck hoss 3euros and the game looks astonishing." So I instantly bought it. And it wasn't a lie. Sure the English does sound like something straight from Chinese-English google translator but honestly does it really matter. The damm game was made by a "single chinese guy in his basement" and it cost 3euros. The graphics tho and fighting mechanics are absolutely lovely and there is even some story trying to go on behind it all. 100% would recommend. The duct tape and eggrolls will be left to guesses though.
I have been playing this for quite a while now. So it is time for a review:  [h1] Positive [/h1] [list]     [*]Shelia: The reason I am playing this     [*]Graphics: I like the rocks and plants theme     [*]Athmosphere     [*]Puzzle (only one)     [*]Most beautiful menu I have ever seen in a game [/list] [h1] Negative [/h1] [list]     [*]No English language, subtitles are very hard to read     [*]No third person view     [*]No difficulty setting     [*]Only supports one playstyle     [*]Checkpoint system instead of being able to save at any time [/list]
This game is great. The game play is fast paced and almost feels like a hack and slash. For an early acess game it feels fairly polished, and the only issue I had was on startup the game and flashing green bars across the screen; although, it was fixed by switching from full screen to windowed. I am very much looking foward to the future of the game and am, proud to be an early access player. Great job dev!
Fun little game with an intense combat system.
So much potential in this game.  Bulletstorm, Devil may cry and warframe had a baby.
Its feels like "Tomb Raider", "Devil may Cry" and "Darksouls" in one game...  Con: Graphic feels like 2015-16 | ~30 min of gameplay for the 1st chapter.  Pro: Nice gameplay(fighting system) and intresting boss-battles.  I ve payed 3 bucks for it and its definitely worth it in my opinion. Looking forward to chapter 2.
I have been end in 36min. Now i was excited about episode 2.
I Am Reviewing This After Finishing Episode 1  Was an amazing game for just one person making it. amazing design on everything loved how it had a lot of gore in it and fighting. Just Some Things I Wouldn't Mind Getting Added To This Game: - Be Able To Change From Chinese To English.(Be A Good Add In Cause Some Of The Fan Base Probs Don't Like Reading Subtitles Like I Do And Would Rater Prefer Hearing The Characters Talk English.)  -Fixing Some Of The Bugs When Grappling.(When You Needed To Get To That Lift That Opens Trap Door To Get Artifact I Spotted A Few Problems With Grappling To The Wood Piece And Chain. There Was A Broken Part Of A foundation For When The Bridge Collapsed And When Jumping On That I Spent 10 Minutes Trying To Reach The Other Side To Get To The Check Point. When Standing On The Collapsed Foundation Or Brick It Wouldn't Give An Option To Grapple So Getting Rid Of Them Or Even Being Allowed To Grapple There Would Be Great But Its Alright Its Not That Big Of A Bug.  (These Are My Opinions I'm Not Saying He/They Should Get It Fixed Like Its There Biggest Issues. Just Trying To Help Make The Game More Better For The Community.)  Overall Its A Great Game With Big Potential. Cant Wait Till The 2nd Episode Comes Out I Will Be Buying Asap  Here's My Main Spec Wise Review On The Game. (My Opinion)  ---{Graphics}--- ☐ You forget what reality is ☑ Beautiful ☐ Good ☐ Decent ☐ Bad ☐ Don‘t look too long at it ☐ Paint.exe  ---{Gameplay}---  ☑ Very good ☐ Good ☐ It‘s just gameplay ☐ Mehh ☐ Starring at walls is better ☐ Just don‘t  ---{Audio}--- ☐ Eargasm ☑ Very good ☐ Good ☐ Not too bad ☐ Bad ☐ Earrape  ---{Audience}--- ☐ Kids ☑ Teens ☑ Adults ☐ Human ☐ Lizards  ---{PC Requirements}--- ☐ Check if you can run paint ☐ Potato ☑ Decent ☐ Fast ☐ Rich boiiiiii ☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer  ---{Difficulity}--- ☐ Just press ‚A‘ ☐ Easy ☐ Significant brain usage ☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☐ Difficult ☐ Dark Souls  ---{Grind}--- ☐ Nothing to grind ☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks ☐ Isnt necessary to progress ☑ Average grind level ☐ Too much grind ☐ You‘ll need a second life for grinding  ---{Story}--- ☐ Story? ☐ Text or Audio floating around ☐ Average ☑ Good ☐ Lovely ☐ It‘ll replace your life   ---{Game Time}--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee ☐ Short ☑ Average ☐ Long ☐ To infinity and beyond  ---{Price}--- ☐ It’s free! ☑ Worth the price ☐ If u have some spare money left ☐ Not recommended ☐ You could also just burn your money   ---{Bugs}--- ☐ Never heard of ☑ Minor bugs ☐ Can get annoying ☐ ARK: Survival Evolved ☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
i like this game its new its fun its fresh some puzzle elements - a second reward for completing the campaign - no difficulty setting just skill and mechanics; it also capture's those korean/asian - mmo/fps fast firing guns;**  (OOOOOH BOY PUT A MACRO ON FOR THE SHOTGUN XD- i havent yet as i dont need to ) **and movement speed with what feels like an accurate weapon spread/recoil system aswell, easy to use time to master its worth the price of 10 dollars (probs 4 pounds - differing regions)  if u say the gameplay is 30 minutes yeah it is, but its not completed yet - so buy it now while its cheap - remember life is strange that launched for 10 dollars then 15 then 25 then free for the first episode  (i bought all the episodes on the release of them & if im right this game will do a very simliar thing)  also did i mention the music its like the max payne 3 music - soooo good making you want to play more
Too short but okay
Not bad, but great either. Something good: The world 'feels' alive Something bad: The cool combo you're thinking of pulling off gets interrupted by cooldowns or reloading. A lot. Something else: You're given half a second to learn all your abilities before you're thrown in. The gameplay tries to be Doom with abilities and a sword but falls short. Playtime: 30-45mins If you're a slow learner: 45mins-1h
Very nice but short Game.  Really enjoyed the whole 45 Minutes of Playtime lmao, Guns and the movement felt good.  Only thing that would make the movement nicer would be a slide function (when u croush and sprint)  I hope Episode 2 coming out the next months. All in all the Game is good and brings you 30 - 60 Minutes of Fun.  But also i have to say that episode 2 should be included in the future and hope it dont costs additinal money, cause 5 € for about 45 Minutes of playtime is still not worth it.
A very shiny and fluid demo if not a true game. Finished it in under an hour but I don't regret the purchase as I had a blast playing through the limited content already available. The combat system is fun, the gunplay is decent (though the shotgun feels a bit less weighty and decisive than I feel it should), and the story was interesting enough to keep me playing.  Graphically this game is pretty damn impressive as well, especially considering it was made by one dude. I'd say it looks about as good as Crysis 2/3 on high settings, which for a game that came out of the blue with practically no budget is amazing.   Hope the developer continues this project as it has the potential to be one of the best games of the 2010s.
WOW! This game was great! Impressed that its a one man made game, but even if it was a team its still impressive.  Graphics are great with real looking textures The sound is bad ass and gets you pumped For early access this was short fun wish you could remap the key bindings or use controller 
OK so I just completed the demo and I have to say this is FANTASTIC. It's like Devil May Cry, and Titanfall had a baby. For this being a $7.00 demo (I bought it discounted at $4.89) I am really excited to see more from this developer. He is working on this by himself for crying out loud!. The visuals are amazing and the combat is so spot on! I love dodging left and right then jumping into the air while gunning down enemies while slashing them with the light sword it just felt so badass. The game is quite difficult to any players who aren't used to fast paced shooters, I died six times on my first playthrough but still had a blast running through the demo. The story seems intriguing with it's environmental story telling but I feel like the main character talks a little too much to the point where it does feel a little annoying. Dialogue in a video game with fast paced combat is very distracting (especially when it is in a language that I don't understand) and can ruin the experience so my only recommendation is make the characters talk when the combat is not way too intense so the Player is not distracted from the main focus of the game (being combat), like for example give the game a "DOOM treatment" where the character you play as is silent during combat but can freely speak through cutscenes and during exploration when combat isn't present. But overall I have to say keep up the work Dev and keep us posted on your game, I am looking forward to seeing great things with this project!  9.5/10 -Deathly
Simply put: If you are an FPS fan, get this. It is well worth the $5 for early access. It's easy to see a lot of work has gone into this. I actually very much like that the player character does not speak English. It was refreshing not to hear a gruffy male voice for once as the main character of an FPS stateside. The only criticism I have is that the English subtext needs work, as there are more than a few grammatical errors in the menus and descriptions of abilities. I'm quite sure that'll be worked out though, and this guy deserves a heap of praise for what he's created so far, a fantastic 1st chapter in what I hope will be an equally fantastic finished product in the not-too-distant future. I rate it an 8.5 out of 10 for what's there so far.
i don't write many reviews but this game is great only downside its not done yet but worth the full price very fast pace and fun for what has been done with it
This game is very short, about an hour and the price justifies this. The story could not grab me because of the play time. I'm not saying the story cannot be good after more episodes release, I am simply saying don't expect to experience a masterful story in this first episode. Everything else though, is very promising. The gameplay is absurdly good for a game made by ONE PERSON. The UI is very slick, and sound is great too. Music is good too. I will stick around to see what else shows up under the Bright Memory name.  Also there's a Dark Souls style bonfire you can light, twice.
As others have pointed out already, this game was made by a single person in his freetime, which makes it even more impressive. The gameplay is a lot of fun and the graphics are nice too (Unreal Engine). Unfortunately, it's very short in its current state but still worth it imho. The developer also promised to deliver more content and seems to be very dedicated to improve the game in the future.
Never thought fast action and fps could make a dynamic game like that, fight feel high-powered and fun  The game is very short but really worth it  And when I saw in the credits the game was made by only one guy, that impressive  Looking for episode 2!
Even though its a short game, Keep in mind this is all made by one man in his free time. Great game and cant wait to see the next artwork he comes out with.
holy moly you telling me this game made but one person is impossible feat.  graphic 4.5/5.0 - unreal engine, not otherworldly but nice enough to look at, i'll place it near CoD sound 3.0/5.0 - sound is something i would say taken from DmC's style. abit noisy to be set to full gameplay 4.0/5.0 - seems the dev take alot of stuff from other successful games and make it better, style scoring like from DMC, fps with skill triggers like from quantum break. some vibes from tomb raider. and saving point that is totally copied from darksoul. 
For a game made by one guy, this is amazing!  The fighting feels like a mix between Crysis and Bulletstorm, with all the its unique stuff added (I love the light blade)  Obviously the variety of enemies is low, but for some reason I really enjoyed playing vs them. Trying new combos, trying to see how high I could make my score and multiplier.  Really looking forward to Episode 2, or whatever the dev is going to call it. Also wanna see more outfits added that could be unlocked by achievements, challenges or milestones.  I desperately wanna see more of this world, the little bit you see in the game gives you an insight to an amazing universe!  Highly recommend this, its cheap and a nice bit of fun (NG+ will stomp you if you don't pay attention btw)
nice and smooth
Really fun game with a nice mix of shooting + abilities. The game ran very smoothly and definitely puts AAA games to shame. Kudos to the developer. Definitely looking forward to the next episode!
For the price i got it ($6.99) for one hour of the first episode, I actually quite enjoyed it. Obviously things like some audio glitches and some framerate stuff should be fixed. FOV slider which i read will be added soon once the chinese holiday is done. Cant wait to see the next episodes if it is episode form or it will be all one game. Oh and the voice volume could be a bit louder
One of the most buckwild games I've ever played. Shot a fire god to death with a machine gun. 10/10
Got this game in early acces (just for future people to note LOL) and I must say, fresh mechanics(to a point) so far and controls you feel like a boss when you master and the graphics are up there, really beutiful!  I did see a few similarties to two games I played in the past vaguely, but you gotta take inspiration from somewhere sometimes right? However, If you go into it with no expectations (comparing to other similar fp's like this) then you're sure to have a fun time for a few dollars, it supports the dev and I think the game is fun and hope to see what becomes more of it!
This game gave me nostalgia tbh. loading screen character armor design close up, HUD and weapons reminds me of Titanfall, pick up collectibles and examine them reminds me of RE series, boosting jump reminds me of titanfall and doom 4 and others. This game took alot of elements similar to other triple A titles maybe because the use of unreal engine. I heard that this game was made by one person if so, Wow you got some skills man. And its only $7 bucks, worth a try!
Absolutely amazing.  Made by 1 person with the help of like maybe 3-4 others in some aspects, and the voice actors he hired, this is an amazing product. Bright Memory has a great blend of action FPS shooting, along with platforming and clever ability usage. Definitely a steal right now at its current price (6.99). The amount of effort and passion put into this game is breath-taking. You definitely don't see this much effort being put into most games these days, along with such outstanding visuals and environments.  tl;dr pro/cons section  -----------Pros---------- >>Amazing visuals >>Fast paced gunplay >>Creative ability usage >>Good platforming mechanics that can be built upon in later episodes >>Excellent movement mechanics >>Holy the price, it's a steal  ----------Cons--------- >>Short playthrough, but it will get longer. (40mins about right now) >>A couple of places the floor falling out underneath you is unforseeable >>Translation issues. As a speaker/reader of Chinese myself, some of the translations are either rough, or silly.
Gut. Tat iz all.
It's a nice-looking series of encounters. Nothing connects it together though. Mechanically, it's sound. Graphically, it's very pretty for indie (though there's some stuttering in the cutscenes). Sound design, better than average for indie. For the hour or so I played, overall I had fun.  ... But it's not a game. It's more like a glorified tech demo. Still, I found it an interesting insight into a Chinese Game Dev's aesthetics. Can recommend just for it's educational value.
So far so good. Haven't gotten too deep into it but its got a very polished look. Dialog in the middle of action scenes is a little distracting, so maybe get an English voice over would let you concentrate on the action. Once custom key mapping or steam controller support comes, we're looking at a decent AAA title...?
Recommended with the caveat that you can finish it in about an hour. It's a pretty darn good hour though.  The closest thing I can think of that this plays like is Doom 2016, but with a bit of Genji from Overwatch.
I highly recommend this game. It's fun, its exciting, it's fast paced and it's unique in it's own way. The gunplay is solid and the sword that the main character has is even better. Give this game a try. You wont regret it.
This game is an excellent proof of concept for an independant game development studio. Its fast paced action shooter combat is strangely reminiscent to that of the DOOM franchise. It has an extraordinary level of polish the likes of which Bethesda should be extremely envious of. Although my time with it was short, I have definately played enough to be excited for what this game and this studio have in store.
Super fun FPS, great movement, fun mechanics. 10/10 would recommend.
Not even an hour put into this "episode", so there's that. But, there is definitely a good game here for sure. Not sure how creator is going to do it,  but if each episode is going to be an hour only there better be a healthy amount of episodes here. I never was a fan of the whole episode per game thing, kinda like what some of the telltale games did, and the last Hitman game did as well. This game is different though, I love the fast paced nature to it, and I like the simplicity of the guns. No fancy gadgets to add to the guns, just a machine gun, pistol, and shotgun....simple yet effective.   The subtitles I found it a bit difficult to follow at times because of the fast nature of this game, but overall I got the gist of the story (IMHO nothing really to write home about, but certainly not too bad either).  The game is tough to complain about for under $10, plus people that are buying early access should know what they are getting themselves into. This game is quite a bit of fun and has loads of potential for its future and I definitely am looking forward to it.   Plus to top it all off, I heard that this game's maker is just a one man show, and I must give credit where credit is due. If you people are thinking about getting your money back, I would suggest rethinking that, this guy definitely deserves your money and I cannot wait for more content for this little gem
completed in 45mins.  totally worth my 7 bucks. I understand this guy bought some assets from the marketplace and he didnt create all the textures/character models and sounds. but for one guy to put all these assets together and make one hell of an experience, its remarkable. I enjoyed every minute and the game keeps letting you replay with skills you have unlocked like a new game plus.   If youll spend 7 bucks on meal, spend 7 bucks on this. Its totally worth your time.
Its a pretty good FPS with a somewhat funky translation. Its quite impressive what one person has managed to do in creating this game, and I look forward to the future episodes. I quite liked the references to Dark Souls and Devil May Cry in the use of the style ratings and the actual Dark Souls bonfire.
Overall 9.5/10 -Very fun mechanics with solid gunplay! This is a great game and the fact that one person made it is astounding! I really want to play more!   Story: it is not complete but seems to be going in a positive direction (i wouldn't like to give this a rating yet)  Gamepaly: It is really fun with some very interesting mechanics! Boss battles are fun and  10/10  Audio: Well done audio, no real issues here.
I want more.
Awesome Game ... great feeling playing it with great music ... pls. add an english voice and I am pleased :-)
Review time- Pros:  +amazing graphics,  10 outta 10 +the music reminds me a lot of DOOM 2016, which is a good thing +the HUD is simple and clean. loving the UI for the guns +reminds me of Borderlands, Metal Gear Rising, and, to some extent, Far Cry +as soon as I finished it, I wanted to play it again, which I did +models look so Damn good +nice artistic style +would recommend, if you're into FPS games +favorite fight was Forrest god +it definitely has potential    Con: -not a full game, duh -thrown into a fight as soon as it starts. couldn't test mouse/controller sensitivity before the fight -controller set support isn't available (but will be soon) -missing key in options. I had no idea "R" is to reload -English is... ok. but it's beta so, it's fine -I don't know if it was intentional, but I thought Guns would be more powerful than the sword, not the other way around -Least favorite fight was the last boss, but then again, I am using an xbox controller.  -hard to Dodge while using controller    as you can see, besides me being stubborn about switching to Keyboard and Mouse, it's a pretty good game. for the price, which is like, what, a burrito, you can get a good hour or so of game play. can't wait for the full game or more updates. Borderlands 2 is my favorite FPS, and with how this game is looking, it's going to be hard to pick. I'm most likely going to come back in a week or so to play through it again. if there is going to be mirco-transaction, I hope they are only cosmetic, like outfits or gun skins.
It is short but crazy over the top action. Besides a cute protagonist, the game does play smooth and the upgrades and abilities are really practical.  Some areas and objects look blurry and you get easily overrun by enemies without any clear indication where they are coming from. Also the voices are hard to hear, regardless if you speak Chinese or not. The subtitles are subtle but not very convenient when you are trying to focus on the battle and the plot is being developed that way.    But well, it is still in early access so I hope these problems will get addressed.
This game is really fun once you get the controls down. FPS with action game style mechanics which gives you a reason to use some of the dogging and grappling mechanics. if you like FPS's and action games, give it a try.
Wow. This game is incredible.  It's very short, as other people have noted. But man, talk about high quality gunplay + dark souls. Definitely worth the $7.
Sounds are glitchy time to time and there are graphic effects everywhere whether it is necessary or not which causes huge performance issues but still is a decent game.
This game is like shadow warrior but with a mix of some futuristic stuff.
it gud
Short Game, but still worth it.
Get it. 
Very good game.Great graphics,great storyline,totally cant wait for episode two,Had a very nice easteregg Only the players will know ;). Nice challenging bosses Nice and small array of controls that can be remembered without any effort.The only bad thing is the episode is really short.Hoping to see the next one be as good as or better than this one.Remember that this game is made by a single chinese guy.And the game is already immidiately better than fallout 76.
Top god damn notch.
This game has so much potential. It's amazing how it's been created by a single developer in his spare time. The combat is incredibly fun and innovative. Even though it takes about 30 to 35 minutes to beat, it's a lot of fun and even has some replay value. I'm excited to see more of this game.
I would recommend this game.
101/0 This is great.
WHO WOULD WIN?  AAA studios with some of the most advanced tech, highest budgets, biggest stars, and most recognizable franchises  vs  One Gamey Boi
The gameplay feels like a brilliant mixture of Titanfall 2, Devil May Cry and Bulletstorm, the developer clearly understands how to make shooting and melee combat feel good, fluid and most importantly fun. While obviously it's a very short section of story I find it incredible that one guy was able to make this, I hope he is able to continue before being snapped up by a big studio as there is clearly a lot of talent poured into this and so much potential for the future.
If Devil May Cry and Ghost in The Shell had a baby, This would be that child.  Pros: +Best Gunplay I have ever experienced in a long, long time. +COMBO METER +Cooldowns on skills done right +Skills are Unessecary +In development +Cheap Game  Cons: -Relatively short game -Can't re-bind keys (May be fixed in the future though!) -Textures can vary from good to bad at times -Grammatical Errors in certain points (But hey, I can't blame the devs.)  I hope to see this game get finished in the future. Take your time, FYQD!  Also, [spoiler] BONFIRE LIT [/spoiler]
[h1]My first impressions:[/h1] Only 12 minutes into the game, and I can already tell that this game is [u]G-R-E-A-T.[/u] You can't miss this game at such a low price. Come on, it's [i] only $7.99 CAD! [/i] With surreal enviroments and astounding level design, this game pleases the hard-core fast-paced shooter in me. The gunplay feels very nice, with the addition of abilities you can string together for that oh-so satisfying gameplay. This game ticks all the boxes that equate to an awesome shooter for me.  [h1]The Meat of the Review:[/h1] For the user interface (UI), everything works so well together. All of the interface elements match really well together, you can certainly feel a unified, clean, sci-fi theme to it. What I love most is the diegetic interface with the gun's ammo that shows near the barrel of your gun.  As for the level design, so far I've seen that it uses the proper techniques (such as 'gating') to show you how to use your abilities (in this case, your 'Tractor' ('Q' button)) to get across large gaps by swinging across a branch from above. What's nice is that for the first time you encounter a gap, the game doesn't punish you at all if you do fail to notice that you have to press a button to get across. Instead, you will fall down into a pit and you can try again. [spoiler]Not that it happened to me or anything >>[/spoiler] ------------------------------------- [h1]Post-Game Update:[/h1] Although the game does feel a bit short ( I beat the episode with the time "31:03" ), it does make sense since it is an episodic game, and there will be more content coming in the future.  There is a New Game+ feature where the story is all the same, save for the enemies that are a bit tougher than when you first encountered them. Fighting the enemies a second time feels way different than before, now that you've mastered the art of gun-slashing.  Along with the addition of New Game+, you get a secondary costume which I find very cute. It's a schoolgirl's outfit. It's exactly as you'd imagine it to be.   [h1]Price:[/h1] For me personally, I would say even the 2 hours of gameplay I got was worth it. Of course, since I did beat it in under 2 hours I can refund it, but I think that would hurt the developer. I really want to show support to him/them, so I will continue to look forward to upcoming releases.  [b]TL;DR: If anyone into First-Person Shooters were to ask me if they should buy this game, you will certainly hear a "HELL YEAH!" from me![/b] If you're hesitant on whether or not you should pick up this game, you don't even have to think for another second. Even if you don't like the game, there is always a refund button.  [spoiler]Oh, and did I mention you get to play as a [i]Cutie Chinese Special Agent[/i]? Yeah. You do.[/spoiler]      [i]Miscellaneous Tip[/i] There's a neat trick you can do where you Directional Dodge while simutaneously Jumping (Shift + A + Spacebar all at the same time). It will send you flying away sideways depending on what direction you press. This seems very much like an unintentional mechanic seeing as how far you can fly. You can also extend the flight time by shooting with the air-time perk.
This is so promising, Can't wait for the full game.
Bright Memory is a promising start to what could be an excellent game. It looks and runs fantastically on even its highest settings and its fantastic in its movements during combat. It needs some love for those of us who do not speak its native language, but that is basically the only nitpick i have for this game 10/10 FYQD cant wait for more!
Very well designed game. Excellent combat mechanics! You can clearly see the amount of polish and attention to detail. Hope part 2 comes soon!
The gameplay in this game was very good. It is kind of like a cross between the Dark Souls series and Shadow Warrior 2. It is very short and I finished it in about 45 minutes but it was an absolutely amazing 45minutes and I would most probably spend the money again however it would have been a lot better if it was a bit longer
Has a lot of potential, hopefully it goes somewhere amazing.  For anybody wondering, there's maybe fourty-five minutes of content in this "episode". Basically a demo. Twenty if you're quick.   For the price I find it a nice distraction.
Ask myself what the fuck is going on, then end up killing the enemy 10/10
10/10 plot + school girl outfit
Quick action paced shooter, reminds me of SarientoVR.   Well worth it's price tag!  I've joined your boat.  PS I'm stuck at the gate mid game. Any tutorial for that please?
Such an amazing Episode. Price well worth and with out a doubt will continue to support such an amazing piece of work. Visuals are amazing. The controls abilities pace. Im just in aw that one man can creat such a piece of work. Thank you. And this is def a must play.
Excellent piece of gaming history. 8/10 would play again as told at the end of my playthrough.  Loved almost everything about the game. Pros:  -fast-paced gameplay -responsive controls -point-to-point (if you're into that) -Plenty of room for improvement  cons: -no control editing (early access only) -short (but sweet!)  For those of you who claim bad voice acting, I don't speak Chinese so I have no frame of reference when it comes of the voice acting. Seemed fine to me. Others have claimed repetative combat, but like any game like this, you're given a specific skill set that you can expand upon so I had no issues with any sort of repetative combat. Plus it's early access made by one guy. Wtf do you all expect?  In summation: TOTALLY WORTH the $7. Pick this game up, you won't be disappointed. Even if you are, you're only out $7. I really hope the creator improves upon the game, adds more, and allows us to continue bringing the rukkus because I greatly enjoyed this game.  If you wanna see some gameplay, check me out on Youtube at No Drink Minimum Gaming. Thanks y'all.
Good game
Early Access, its still in progress and its already mind-blowingly great! Graphics are gorgeous (Although my Laptop can't handle even 90% rendering scale, need to be at 50% and all Low Resolution), but its still good noting that only one person developed this game! Can't wait for episode 2.
Short but very fun, can't wait to see more chapters!
40 minutes of pretty much non-stop style-point-driven action. There's a puzzle in the middle that gets in the way. I'll certainly be buying whatever this turns into.
This game is made by one person in his own time, and I am honestly nothing but impressed. Now, of course there's gonna be some awkward downsides which I'll list later, but the biggest thing I saw in this game was its speedrunning potential, and it is fun as all hell.  Pros: -Actually mildly interesting story, I'd love to see it developed further -Gameplay is fast paced and somewhat difficult -Theres a fair amount of replayability to be had, even in early access -This game runs way better than I expected, almost no frame drops  *Not really a pro, but you can kind of think of this game as a dark souls game with guns with more stamina/less health that had a child with tomb raider.  Cons: -The movement system is weird, borderline uncomfortable, but exploitable to have some fun with      -Ex; Press a direction then shift and hold space at the same time to get a massive speed and directional boost -The translation is messy and innacurate at times, but it gets the point across and this is still the one person doing the translation for the game -The enemies feel out of place. I'm sure everything will work itself out in the future episodes, but it's just a little weird.  Really, if you have a little bit of money to bust, go ahead and buy this game. It's hella fun, the dev needs the support, and the future potential of it is something a large portion of the community playing this game is looking forward to. 
Not gonna lie this game was pretty friggin sweet. The gunplay seems solid, the swordplay was fun. Overall it was alot of fun to play through. I understand this is more of a taste of whats to come but i really hope we see more of this soon.   Graphically it looked pretty dang good, but my only complaint was that it doesnt really support ultrawide monitors.
When 1 guy does a better job than a billion dollar company..... There are bugs here and there but not a big problem really , still less bugs in this game than any EA game. Just buy it. It's great.
One of the best games I've ever played. Topping the GTA series, RAGE, SAO game series, and so many more... I'd consider this game worth twenty $$$ if:  -The subtitles were just a bit better (Currently understandable, but not the best) -Have an average of 10 hrs for one playthrough of the campaign -Have an endless game mode -A few more types of enemies -Steam trading cards -General polishing  However, considering this is the best game I've played in a long time and it was made by only one person, this game is still worth the seven dollars. Up above is really just a list of complaints. Here's a list of compliments:  -Great graphics -A decent balance of difficulty -Interesting abilities -Balanced EXP system -Interesting story (I want to see more!) -Better than what big game companies (*cough cough* Bethesda) have recently produced!  I heavily recommend this game!
Saw the great reviews and thought ill try it out. Was an awesome action packed game that felt great to play, great game mechanics and interesting story. If one man can do this in his spare time, than AAA companies have a lot of answers they owe us. Highly recommend, great to show support too!!!!
Great game! cant wait for the next chapter well worth the money
I really hope this is the new bar for indie games ;)  This game has few minor flaws here and there, but that's something I can live with. Great game so far ... can't wait for more episodes.
I don't usually write reviews for games, because I always find whether or not games are "good" such a subjective topic, and differs depending on who you talk to.  But I am making an exception in this case.  BECAUSE THIS GAME IS GREAT.  You can tell that this guy has poured his heart and soul in to this game and what he has been able to accomplish is phenomenal, especially when you consider that it was mainly one guy.  The shooting feels on par with games like Destiny, the movement feels as fluid as Titanfall, and the abilities are incredibly satisfying to use.  Sure, some areas could use a little bit more polish, like the English subtitles which sometimes feel a little bit disjointed and don't always feel to visible when in the middle of an action sequence.  But honestly, to complain about something like that is to be nitpicking and this games positives far outweigh the negatives.  At about 35 minutes for completion on my first run, the only "complaint" I have is that the game is quite short; I've had so much fun that I just crave more. I will be watching news for the next episode very closely. Keep it up FYQD, you did good.
China Numba Wan.  It's an early access game that looks good, plays good, doesn't have any serious bugs(for me at least), and has a lot of potential. My only problems are not being able to change keybindings because of the early access and that the game still needs to be properly translated in both audio and UI.  Time will tell if FYQD can pull this thing through the deadly early access cycle.  tentative 8/10
one of the best games i have played in a long time super well made looks amzing the combat is super nice and smoth and the dificulty is in a nice place   i had one bug but it didnt ruin it for me its a much more polished game then youd get from a AAA team atm   just buy it its worth the money cant wait for more
The game is pretty short so just give it a go, play, finish it and then refund the game if you just dont wanna waste money on this!  The game although feel fun and pretty sastified, but it still have that Chinese-game UI things, which im not a fan off! I like the voice of the main character (sound pretty seducing u know) and the graphics is good too, the main character is sexy as hell (she looks like Lara Croft imo). The story is...uh...meh! But overall, its done by 1 person !   So yeah, 6.5/10 ?
Yo this game is nuts.  It's an Early Access Chinese FPS.  I saw it had good reviews, so I didn't know what to expect.  It's like a tighter, faster paced Bulletstorm with a style meter.  It all happens so fast that it's hard to process.   $6.99! Get it!
Loved the game, gave a decent challenge. Would recommend :)
YES BUY IT NOW, this game is cheap, BEAUTIFUL, RUNS GODLY WELL, game play is a huge BLAST, I don't even know how to decibe how amazing this is, bullet storm meets pain killer and deus ex and yet no problems, bugs or issues, like someone mixed everything from other good games and didn't mess up at all, I still can't stop smiling
the advanced warfare campaign you always wanted
This game has great looking cutscenes while being extremely optimized.  The combat is fun and requires you to be "active", it features a really fun DOOM style of play.  This episode was rather short but has different "new game +'s" you can keep your previously learned skills for to play a harder difficulty.  It featured a semi-interesting story which I could not bother to follow since I was having too much fun with the fast as you can click shottie.     It also has a dark souls reference, need I say more?
Awesome! This is exactly how early access should be done, technical and gameplay wise:  + Combat is VERY enjoayable  + Looks awesome  + Runs with highest settings at buttersmooth 120+ FPS  + Appropriate price while also supporting the developer for future developement  + Extremly promising introduction to what the game is going to be  + The few translation issues are no issue, you're busy slashing, dashing, shooting and having fun the next second  Full support!  EDIT: One developer?!? I'm really impressed, keep it up!
Saw a streamer playing this and it looked interesting and cheap so I picked it up. Based on Episode 1 so far I am incredibly impressed this was made by [i]one person[/i]. Aside from a few bugs which were very minor, this game runs very well and I didn't notice any performance issues on max settings. This is easily some of the most fun I've had in a game in a while. The combat is [i]very[/i] fun, rewarding, and mostly innovative. It takes a generic FPS and adds some really neat blade combat. I had tons of fun with this game and I very highly recommend this game. If anything it is just fun to run around and shoot/slice things.   I was a little confused about what was going on sometimes, however I can easily overlook that due to the other great parts of the game.  Also, the fact that this game was made by one person blows my mind. This is better quality than some AAA games.
Would certainly recommend this game but it does need more work, jerky in spots and is very much a hack and slash kind of game. subtitles could do with being a little clearer but these are simple fixes all round a good effort
It has a Darksouls Reference   Very  satisfying combat and interesting characters that you can't understand jackshit.   Oh and you can outfit the MC with a schoolgirl costume.   What more you want me to say ?   Go play this game dude, it's GOOD!
This is the most fun that i have had in a FPS in a long time. 10/10
Fcking good game.....................
Really fun gameplay. Feels fast and doing ability combo's feels rewarding. More abilities may have to be added if the game is meant to be significantly longer than in its current state but for now it works well.. I have hardly an idea whats going on in terms of the story though. Overall definitely worth your time and the 7 dollar price tag. Especially when you consider this is made by one person.
先来缺点三连 1. 没有手柄支持。。左手快速操作键盘臣妾有点做不到呀。。。 2.最后boss战，地方有点太小，不过摸清了boss的出招规律，也不是什么问题 3. 有一些小bug，有时候会被无形的墙卡住。。       但是！！！作为国产游戏，而且才卖29！！我已经觉得很好了，枪的手感非常不错，而且射击次数越多，镜头视角越拉近，非常带感 (✪ω✪) 1. 光剑的打击感也很好，远距和近距离都有对应的光剑技能可用，可以说不浪费一丝输出的空间(✪ω✪) 2. 教学部分简明易懂，打出连招也不难，上手非常友好(我是在暗示这个游戏不够硬核嘛。。？) 3. 有点还有很多，最关键的是，小姐姐好看，胸大(✪ω✪)，嘻嘻嘻，值回票价呀(✪ω✪)       
This game deserves it's overwhelmingly positive review. Looking visually top tier and with fun gun/melee combat play it's well worth playing! The combat itself is rather simple, as most enemies are mearly bullet sponges of various amounts... "Shoot or slash until it stops moving"  but the fast pase of the situation and the amount of danger you are in during every encounter makes it much more enjoyable than other bullet sponge enemy games. I highly recommend this game, and to anyone who is hesitent on buying it.  Don't be.  It's absolutely worth it.  I loved the little dark souls reference as well, it gave me a good chuckle!
This came out of nowhere so I hear and this is a definite must buy. I hope FYQD releases more content or playable chapters. Would buy next chapters without a moments hesitation.  It's Dark Souls and DMC in first person.
It's just as the game ranked me:   "Better"
This game may be a bit rough, blame it on the fact that it's a chinese indie production or go for the typical "Unreal is shit" excuse, but let me tell you:  This game is extremely promising! At least, the first episode is. It reminded me a bit of the gameplay in Shadow Warrior 2, with more emphasis on the skills you can use. Freezing time, reloading your shotgun, just to rip your enemies into pieces is very satisfying and rewarding.  On the negative side, the translation is anything but on point. Like a dragon being referred to as "fly snake". Or the voice acting being (even though it's in chinese) kind of lackluster and more background noise than anything else.  Another downside to this is the fact that it's just "Episode 1". It's about 20-30 minutes, depending on how you play this game, and therefor extremely short.  I'll personally definitely follow the development of this game, and I'm looking forward to any new content this developer will be releasing.  (Also, it would be great if any triple A companies would help this team out, seriously.)  If you're intrigued, please follow the team on twitter! https://twitter.com/FYQD_Studio
i want more holy shit this is so good
Bright is indeed a fun title. The game is introduced with a good climax and with a highly engaged feel. Character input and controls are comfortable. The episode felt more like a demo, but its worth your money, guaranteed. I highly recommend Bright Memory, can't wait to see what's in store for this "franchise."
Shows great potential. plays a little like a mixture from tomb raider, Darksouls and Doom. Gameplay feels great and fluent. Some minor bugs happend but didnt see anything gamebreaking. Hope the story goes on.
Unbelievable what a one man team can create. Huge potential and unbelievable fun while playing
This is an absolutely awesome, AAA grade game, honestly worth so much more than it is lister for, and 15/10 would seriously reccoment this to anyone and everyone
This is a well-optimized indie FPS with stylish graphics and visual effects. The gunplay is surprisingly good and the combat is satisfying in general. The English localization is functional but needs improvement. Considering the nature of this game it would be really nice to have an arena/survival-ish mode with global leaderboard in future update.
I enjoyed the mechanics.  First episode was short but replayable.
For an early access game made by one guy all i can say... "take my money"! although it is a short play at the moment i really enjoyed playing this. the graphics look great and the choice in music was suprisingly fitting. cant wait to play more.
Short but sweet.  Nice selection of abilities create a solid gameplay loop of blending in abilities with shooting.  The only donwside (aside from the length) is a couple of poorly translated lines.
CHINA's rising
So, this Chinese episodic FPS found it's way into my queue. I was gonna skip past it, but then I saw the review average. So, I took a look at the screenshots, and thought it looked interesting. I looked up some gameplay footage, and thought, "I should get this game when it's on sale." And then I saw the price.   The whole first episode took me about 30 minutes to finish, and I can say that it was 30 minutes of pure glee. The combat is incredibly fast paced and very well made. There are two boss fights, and both are pretty good.  Be warned though: all the dialogue is in Chinese. The subtitles, on by default, don't feature the greatest translation ever, but I didn't buy this game for the story, and you can usually tell what they were trying to get across.  All in all, this is a great first episode, well worth the low price tag. I am very excited for episode 2.
It's telling when a single Chinese guy in his basement with nothing but duct tape, eggrolls and google translate can put out a better product than anything Activision or EA's made in a decade   
This game is absolutely amazing. The game play is fun. I love how polished the terrain and characters look. I love the diversity in creatures that are encountered. The fight scenarios were fun and exciting. I definitely see potential in this. But I have to say, that all of these things that I mentioned, are not the selling point of the game.  The real selling point for me, is seeing how frequent the dev updates the community on fixes. Too often I see whole teams of devs give up and abandon games that people love playing. What we have here is one dev who is incredibly passionate about their work and their community. I look forward to future updates and will tell all my friends to check out this game.
MANN THIS GAME! Its so fkn fun and its not too demanding systematically. FKN JOB AMAZINGLY DONE. Easily one of the most fun games I ever played and Ive played a F*ck load of games in my life period!
Fun is how i would describe this game. controls on rare, RARE, occasions are clunkie but over all a pretty buttery smooth experience.
Awesome game  will reccomend to anyone  excelent action  boss fights bom fire haha xd
It's a really cool concept. Love the grafic and the gameplay but you clear the game in 30 minits and thats what make this game a little bit hard to recommend.
For 8$ you get a short but very engaging game. The combat is fluid, noted if you are not good with keeping cooldowns in mind it will seem like a non-response game. Your dash for example may feel spammable but the 1 sec recharge is apparent during some of the later parts of the game. I've spent more on quite a bit less.
[h1]Fast-paced, fluid, fun, and stylish. This feels like if Devil May Cry was reborn as an FPS, and I love it.[/h1] So much so that I replayed the episode again after getting all the achievements just to show it off to friends.  The gameplay is mostly action/skills and gunplay, with minor RPG elements of gaining XP from (some) kills and using them to unlock skills. You can unlock all skills in two playthroughs and it completely changes the playstyle once you do. With all skills unlocked and me in the zone, [b]I felt like a gun-wizard: hovering in the air, stopping time, and electrocuting enemies all while raining down bullets on their poor forms.[/b] But not truly overpowered, as getting careless would still get you bullet/sword/axe-riddled and dead. The grapple-beam is also a fun feature that aided in the fluid feeling of combat.  As the game grows, I would like to see more variety in the skills, weapons, enemies, and puzzles. There are only 3 guns, a few minor platforming sections, and one token puzzle in the game right now. Of course, more of the story would be good as well.  I see a lot of potential in this game and would really love to see it grow. What there is right now is a bit short -- I beat the episode 4 times and got all achievements in under 3hr (even with my characteristic digging around for secrets). But for the price, that is not bad and I had a blast doing it.  I'm flat out blown away by the fact that this was mostly made by a single person. I'll be watching this closely and hope to see more out of it. [b]HIGHLY recommend[/b]
Short, but REALLY good. Exactly what I'd expect from a Devil May Cry FPS spin-off.
For now, a small piece of a game made by 1 person, yep, 1. It's a weird action FPS that kinda feel like mix between devil may cry with crysis.  It's super short for now, but it's worth a try.
This game is simply awesome. It's still Early Access and about 30 minutes long (though there's NG+ and NG++), but it shows what's yet to come. This is a straight forward shooter with some telekinetic abilities plus dodging (dashing), double jump, Katana Action and a slim RPG system (buy skills and perks with XP you earned). It all sounds very complicated, but when you're ingame hacking through ennemies, jumping, dashing and unleashing sword flurries, it can't get any better. I am REALLY psyched for what is to come. The "story" seems interesting, but you don't really get a lot of that. The fact voices are in chinese didn't bother me.
Hey i srsly think that theres a need to balance the smaller ennemies, cuz in like two hits you die form them, its really anoying when youre trying to kill a boss
I really like the idea, to bring more weapons (guns, smg etc..) into that "metal gear rising, bayonetta, DmC  "Sword-Arcade-combo" - Genre with asian aesthetics.   Good one! I'm looking forward for more!!   It's not much content (yet), but 5 bucks are a REALLY fair price.
bit short, around 20-30mins but interresting gameplay and good framerates for the graphics
its like shadow warrior, doom and neir automata had a threesome. nd i gonna support this man whole team of devs  cant do things which he has done.
So much fun! Even if the game doesn't get continued I'm 100% satisfied with the money I spent on this alone. Played Ep 1 twice and might play it again soon!
Damn good, very wooshy, story is confusing as hell, and a bit buggy. 10/10 for gameplay and feeling, 8/10 for visuals, 5/10 for story. And for that price? You bet ur butt. I am pleased. I want more.
Damn. So first off, it feels as if i've been thrown into a war zone going on advanced warfare style with the exo, slashing enemies and point system like Devil may cry, then we move to full on DOOM Slayer mode and top it off the fucking final boss goes lord of embers and i shit you not i was looking for a bonfire!
fun game. great graphics, great game difficulty, good puzzle, good game mechanics
Games plays like it was made from a AAA company. Smooth. Amazing gun play. When you find out this was all made by one person, the "wow factor" just increases more. Worth every dollar. Short game, minor bugs with clipping, but absolutely a 10/10 FPS experience. Lets keep supporting this developer!
From what I played so far, its really great. Is it overrated, maybe. Is it still a great game. Hell yeah. It has the potential to be better though. I can't wait for the full release. Props to the dev for this awesome game.
10/10  This is incredibly fun. It definitely reminds me of Shadow Warrior. I'm so ready to play further entries of Bright Memory.
The only downside to this game is that it ends, damn that was good.
This game is awesome, the combat is great and movement is really fluid. it runs extremely smooth and the graphics are really good. hopefully this game gets finished soon because i can't get enough of it. 10/10
Ok, this is epic!  I can't believe one dude created this. Imagine a whole team of similarly talented people - would be insane, and I'd like to see FYQD progress in this industry.  From the graphics to the AI to the overall fast-paced, balls to the wall action, Bright Memory delivers. It feels solid and complete. No stuttering, no game-breaking bugs... It just works. Sure, the sound design is a little lacking, and gunshots lack that bassy oomph, you  still feel like you're owning against the demonic creatures you're up against. Loved the dash feature too.  It actually gives me a DOOM (2016) vibe. I think this story - though lacking in the first Ep. - is quite similar.   HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Short but sweet  Fun gameplay apart from the terrible dodge  definitely worth buying for the price
after playing this game and doing a recording of it i have come to notice that this game has everything i could ever ask for the graphic are amazing the combat is really good and the over all style and concept of the hole game is just dam right amazing i look forwed to playing more of it i have no issues with it it has been great playing it
Very nice graphic and gameplay. While the plot is still unclear, it's acceptable for Episode 1 of a game.
This game is actually pretty solid and amazing for 1 guy to make. The abilties are fun and the gun play is nice. And dare i say it that it was dark souls esque.  only con: -  it is very short, about 20 to 30 minutes of play, with no real replayability apart from d**king around with the abilities and trying to beat your time.
This will be my ever first review, but I have got to say that this game even though short was incredible, the gameplay was fluid and engaging, none of the enemies were boring to go against, the enviromental design and art design was top notch in my opinion and to me, it gave more than what they asked for in terms of value.  I will definitley be surrporting this game when more comes out and I hope that the creator becomes very succesful, because they deserve it.
I don't usualy review games, but i feel the need to encourage the creator of this game to continue making it. This episode is a really good prof of consept and if the rest of the game follows on from this, it may become one of my favorite games.  Please keep going, you are doing amaizing!
Man, Dark Souls looks really weird. 10/10
Just gonna keep this plain and simple great game
I like it so far. Its like TitanFall and Tomb Raider had a baby.
Very beautiful game and seriously should be seriously promoted by Unreal. I am seriously impressed how good it looks and still run buttery smooth. You can finish the game in a short of 40 minutes, but I missed a few secrets and easter eggs, but the straight up darksouls reference makes this all worth it.  One thing I'd like them to add is proper widescreen support as 3440x1440 will crop the top and bottom to fit widescreens.
Beautiful game, had a small issue where the screen was black but f11 fixed that.  Controller support would be awesome as the keyboard leaves you stretching for commands on ocassion. otherwise i look forward to the continuation. Made by on person?! awesome keep up the good work!
[h1]Just finished playing and all I can say is WOW![/h1]  This game throws you right into the action as soon as you start, none of the cheesy half hour first-time tutorials, you learn as you go and honestly helps you better memorise the ability and combat mechanics which there is plenty of. The story is quite rushed from the start, a few characters hinted at and introduced at the start. You play as the heroine protagonist Shelia fighting through enemy soldiers led by classic Bad-Marine-guy with a douchey haircut which is setting up to be the main antagonist for this particular story.   [b]The gameplay, graphics, visuals and sound design is somewhat of a combination - there are so many themes present from notable existing games but mixed together to create something original and gorgeous. It's like playing Dark Souls as a First-Person Shooter, mixed with Crysis and topped off with Tomb Raider-esque puzzles. [/b]  If that sounds like your cup of tea then all I can say is GET IT! For just 10 bucks you are getting a great snapshot of what the game will become and it really makes you feel like a supersoldier when playing, it is fast-paced, challenging and visually spectacular. I died 6 times on my first play through, and reinvigorated emotions I have not felt since I first played through the Crysis franchise. A solid and gorgeous FPS, it gets an 8.5/10 from me.
Hello. This game is more action packed than that time I went on a field trip and Nick was being a jerk and started the first fight that ever happened in school. That was a WILD day, but this game? Woah man. This game takes the cake.
For something that is $7 and looks this good and runs pretty well with little no bugs is a surpise but a welcome one. It is very short but given that it is made by one person it's fine by me. Then again remember it's in early access and there are plans to add more stuff to the game which is only the first episode. There's even an option to change your outfit and continue+. I don't mind reading subtitles but maybe it's just on my end but they seem quite small still it's alright.   All I gotta say is had so much fun didn't even know there were more guns till I ran outta ammo on the last boss and now I got "Cartu" stuck in my head.
Nice
Its a really nice game the graphics are nice the sounds (ambient and voices are good), the game play is fast and immersive.  The only problem, Ive found so far is that the game likes to glitch during fights after you use your abilities (emp or light blade) and you end up standing like a statue with no response which can get you killed when your in the middle of a fight.
The visual is on point, as well as sound effect, background music, and character design. It's truly amazing how the developer managed to make such amazing demo-ey game with so little labour.  This game is a hybrid of hack n slash and tomb raider, especially in the puzzle part it definitely took *some* inspiration from tomb raider. The EMP-melee combo is fluid and powerful, but it seems to be the only way of getting high style point. Maybe some improvement here.  There seems to be a larger plot but not much was revealed here. But heck, you buy this game for the action not the story.  Altough there are a lot of dejaVu you would find from other games. For an indie title, I'm okay with that.   The English translation could get some improvement. As someone who also speaks Chinese, I can understand the original Chinese but there are *a lot* literal translation. Like it's not "2nd week" same as "new game+", tho in Chinese it might be the case (don't quote me on that).  Nice game, keep it up.
Fun!
Top Game, but at the moment quite short.
Not going to lie, this game is worth the price.  Funny that it has the Dark Souls "Bonfire Lit". good game much wow
An amazing game at the current price point.  Pros: -Great graphics -Sleek actions/combos -Skill tree -Melee + gun fights  Cons: -limited skill tree, there isn't a sense of building your character -limited guns, don't know if more guns will be added, or maybe gun mods? -enemies are pretty hard (could be a pro if you like it) -tutorial could feel awkward sometimes.  This game feels like a child of Tomb Raider and Devil May Cry. Ancient tomb setting with futuristic hack and slash style play.  I played with mouse and keyboard, which is a bit awkward with all the skills around, I guess the controller experience would be better (I have not checked whether controllers will be supported or not).  Future development looks promising as the developer has a day time job so his life is pretty secure--it may be a long slim stream of development in the following year but it is sure much more promising than other more commercial projects that are in early development.  Some of the monsters and bosses have pretty interesting Chinese cultural references, if you're interested you may look em up.
wait for ep 2
it's a shame this is currently rather short but wow, for what you get it's impressive Gunplay is great Sound track is rather fitting Graphically it looks stunning it feels like what DMC would be like if it was a FPS  Love it!
I bought it because it looks very very good for a prise like that. Sadly I can't play for real until the button mapping is a thing due to a disability. As soon as I can bind my keys I'm definetely back beckause the mix up on gameplay, flow, art and design as faar as I could see looked great. Not going to look up youtube or twitch I try to stay spoiler free. Thank you very much and please let me know!
This is in Demo form, but it will be a full game at some point. The guy is working alone and is doing the best he can. And what he is doing is better than most companies. Give this some time and have fun on the ride. It is an amazing game so far. It will be a AAA game at the rate he is going. I love supporting this type of developer as it is a growing game that looks promising. He is not looking to gouge people for an unfinished game. Low price that wil probably go up as the content comes. But I am telling you it is worth a play and replay. Fun fast action, cool mechanics, awesome graphics. This is better than some 60.00 big title games that dont even include a campaign. I love watching games come to life with every new update. Its like collectables, you dont buy everything at once, you have things to look forward to continue obtaining. This is just like that. The man deserves credit and support as he is building something great here. Lets all help support him and get a excellent finished game. Keep up the great work. I am patient and appreciate everything you are doing. Only with the controller support take your time but hurry up. ;)
It's like Shadow Warrior loaded into a shot of adrenaline, then loaded into a .50 cal and injected straight into your face.  7 bucks for a dose? Give me 10, please.
So I just beat EPISODE 1 and wow holy crap is this so much fun. While the gameplay and world are heavily inspired by other games that being the gameplay (COD BO3\Shadow Warrior/Overwatch) and the world/main character (Skyrim/Tomb Raider) however the game itself is all unique making a nice blend of a fast paced FPS Devil May Cry experience. The game is short like REALY short I ended up beating it in 40 mins but for 7$ for a game like this!? That's pretty damn good definitely a must get! It is still in early access and the game is not finshed yet but with what we have so far, MAN are we in for a treat. My only complains are that i wish i knew what the hell is going in the plot there alot going on and too little to world build also, the models do look a little awkward with the faces and facial expressions like they need a bit more polish and i did encounter a few glitches here and there but with this being still in the works I'm sure the one developer can fix this in future updates. I'M definitely looking forward for the next episodes and see where this leads too. Final Verdict (9/10)
Best demo I've ever bought
What a ride! This game deserves tons of attention, the combat and graphics are just wonderful. The closest thing I can compare the gameplay too is doom. But personally I think I even like this better. Only downside is its very short, feels kinda like a tech demo. But if this is the kind of content we can expect, I'm all in on every other episode.
The game is reakky fun, it is in early access so it's buggy but the combat is still great.  I think the puzzles can be a bit unclear at times though but I do enjoy the game.
amazing cant wait for the rest of the game. just get it
Oh man where to begin, yeah the localization is a little laughable at times, but oh my god to the pros outweigh the cons on this game.. Okay let's start... So to begin it's $6.99, it's made with UE4 (Godly engine), it's MADE BY ONE PERSON... ONE... ONE... PERSON. The graphics are sometimes a little muddy but again, ONE PERSON... The VA is I guess good? I don't speak Chinese so I can't tell. The graphics are great, the performance is like my computer doesn't even see a game running it's so well optimized. The controls are mostly okay (I do wish I could change the keymaps but this is Early Access so I'll wait), the gunplay/swordplay is solid and well constructed, the abilites are useful and ACTUALLY help you win fights. This game is a perfect balance of tough and not a pushover to win, and yet keeps you engaged! I absolutely recommend this game, I wish I could buy it again I love this game so much, and I don't usually like this fighting style games, but this one is absolutely spot on! 10/10!
This is the most fun I've had for such a cheap game in a long time. It's Platinum Games meets Crytek, and it's gorgeous.
The short answer is: you should buy it. It's great fun and very impressive that it was largely made by one guy. It runs better than many AAA releases. Some minor issues that are easy to overlook and will probably be fixed down the line.
Looking forward to seeing what comes next. Great gameplay
This is one of the most fun games I FPS games I have played in a long time. I just wish it was longer :(
fun
The fact this game is being developed by a single person is admirable. Part of the gameplay and soundtrack reminds me of DOOM. Kickass music and gameplay. Storywise was getting interesting. Props to the developer for making this game run smooth. I really look forward to what this game offers because it knocks out some of today's AAA titles. Oh and the protagonist? Yeah she is waifu material.
This game really hit me with my favorite parts of other franchises. It felt hectic, like Doom. It was fun combo slasher/gunfest, like Devil May Cry or Bulletstorm. It had some neat little easter eggs in it too. ! guy made a better game than most full teams do, and to me is worth the price right there.  I can't wait to play more of this!
Very fun game.  
Its like metal gear solid revengeance but its better... also with guns
this game is nuts, it's like tomb raider/DOOM/Shadow Warrior/Dark Souls ... can't wait for english voice acting.  I missed a lot of subtitles while they were talking during action scenes.
Sure, it's short, but it is worth your time. It's like a little snack, a lovely little snack.
Very impressive game for having been made by a single person. Can't wait for chapter 2.
Literally one of the best FPS games ive played in 6 years, and its only in early acces!. This game is very promising but i think if it had more than one person working on it full time, then this could be a triple-A game. Keep up the good work FYQD Studio!!
There are 3 things i dont like about this game:  Lazy eyes  Scenes are so fast to catch up   The female VA is terrible when she is being hurt also no Eng va( hope it will come n the future)  Overall ,this game is good
( SCHOOL GIRL OUTFIT ) AFTER BEATING IT  10/10
Flashing green so I can't really play the game. The shooting I could get through before I potentially got a seizure seemed fun enough but literally can't take the flashing. IF anyone knows what's wrong please let me know but until then I need an update.
Good graphics, gameplay. reminds me of shadow warrior
Damn the gameplay is good, wow
Amazing experience! Expecting updates!
Loved the little Dark souls reference... ( ‾ ʖ̫ ‾)
For how short it is being only about an hour right now, it is still in early access, and being produced by a man dev. This game is absolutely fantastic, I would go as far as saying it is the best game I have ever played so far. I can not wait to see how far and where the dev takes this game.
So far, the best in Chinese games. It amazed me that it was made by only one person. I'm a programmer as well, I understand how hard it is to write a game and actually make it work. Keep up the good work, and I'm looking forward to see the following chapters!
this is simply amazing i am blown away
Worth every penny, only complaint is the fact that it was only about an hour of gameplay.   But my god what an hour that was!
Can float in the air by attacking.     11/10
this's game is great but that doesn't mean that game is perfect.it's still have really much bug so i hope you can find out and fix it as soon as possible. And i like this game
1 playthrough 0.8 hour in Basically all people have leaved pros in their comment so I'll skip most of it Pro -Great graphics -Basic gameplay is easy and keeping comble is hard enough, great for both new and experienced players Con -Translation can be better, many grammar mistakes but understandable -Noticeable small graphic glitches -Very demanding hardware wise considering that I can play most game at best graphics yet only get acceptable frame rate at 1360p -Too short to fully explain the plot, result in lots of dialogue(or simply creator's prefrence considering that the character has to speak out things that is overwhelmingly obvious) -Dialogue feels unnatural, main character explaining things she knows herself(where a single word mentioning the ability needed is sufficient considering that there is UI hints)  Conclusion: more work needed, absulote great value, huge potential
awesome game, dev keeps up with updates and fixes. feels like a mash-up of some of my favorite games and i love it! can't wait to play the finished product. 100% worth the $7 :D 10/10 nice tits
It doesnt matter how many people create the game If you play a game the only thing that matters is if you enjoy the game or not, regardless of the factors that got to materialize the game.  This being just another shooter was the first thing that came to my mind when I noticed it at the store, then after looking at the screenshots and video it got me curious and I bought it to try it out. For me the game isnt as smooth and fast paced as in the video, wich I think its edited to look faster, but I had a lot of fun playing it and Im now looking foward to play more if more episodes or content come out
I would say. It looks like Shadow Warrior but it's more simple.   
this game is pretty neat. dodging and general key mapping needs a little work but overall an enjoyable experience. looking forward to seeing more.
This single developer did a better job than some other develop teams with hundreds of staffs.  He did his best with his brilliant talent.  For anyone who's interested in this game, I think one thing you should know:  This is more a First Person Action game rather than a First Person Shooter.  So some gameplay design may disappoint you if you think it is an FPS game.  Anyway, it's a great job done. And it costs you only 28 Chinese yuan.
DISCLAIMER: I know this is an early access game made by a single person. Pros: -Graphics are pretty good considering it's on Unity -Combat is varied with different types of enemies -Despite being vague, the story is good  Cons: -Movement is clunky and unresponsive -0 character development, the only person you know anything about is the one you play -Difficulty ranges from "No one can touch you" to "God in heaven, why have you forsaken me" -Translation needs better accuracy Overall: 8/10, Can't wait for the rest of the series, if it's improved a bit
This game is really good. Just wish it had English Audio.
This fantastic game is made by only one guy for 5 years and he want to open his workshop to continue this eposide.  Models are obtained from UE4 store and sounds are made by a small company since he cannot afford price of big companies.  Also, he was charged more tax because Steam thought he was American, but he is Chinese.  I am very glad to support his dream.
cant recommend the game more its so refreshing
Ok guys, I will be honest.   I got this game because I liked what I read about it in an article somehwere in the web. I thought, " hm ok ... ain't that bad..." for this little amount of euros.  I absolutely like it pretty much =D Though its just one level yet, I hope there is more coming soon. But it is weird to see  a game developed level by level I guess?!  Anyway, its great fun and even challenging a bit if you play the first time.
great potential
Holy shit. What a great game. Please give us more!!!
[h1] Bright Memory - Episode 1 is a first person episodic shooter that has been completely developed by the single person and this what makes this game absolutely stunning and unbelievable experience. [/h1]  [b] Pros: [/b]  + Gorgeous FPS game that has been created by a single developer + Astonishing graphics + Visually stunning combat effects + Fast paced gameplay + The game is perfectly optimized despite the fact that it's still in Early Access   [b] Cons: [/b]  - No English voice acting - Way too short: can be completed in 30 minutes - Not much of a story in this first episode - Minor bugs here and there  Actually, I always promise to myself never ever touch any Early Access game. And I really mean it - almost every EA project that I dealt with, was a complete disaster and it always ended with a refund. Reasons were different: from poor optimization to shallow gameplay full of weird mechanics. Not to mention, that most of the Early Access projects associated with survival sandbox games, which have never been my cup of tea.  And then I saw Bright Memory. Another Early Access title, another...wait a second! Oh wow, so it’s a first person shooter that has been developed by a single person? And it has Overwhelmingly positive reviews on Steam? That looks and sounds impressive I felt like I really needed to see this. I decided to give this game a chance and it was a good decision!     [h1] Story [/h1]  Bright Memory doesn't reveal too much of a story for us in the first episode and we can only see some small episodes of the plot, trying to piece it in one single picture. The game is set in the near future, in 2020. We see a mysterious secret organization named Science Research Organization (SRO) that found material in an ancient sword that is able to revive dead creatures. Another third-party military organization infiltrated into their research institute trying to take the material away. They managed to change the coordinates of the transmitter and set it somewhere to the Arctic, where they found a place with a bunch of ancient creatures. These actions led to transporting there a girl named Shelia, who has to investigate these events and do whatever it takes to stop SAI.  [h1] Gameplay [/h1]  The whole gameplay in Bright Memory is represented as a face paced shooter full of action and mindblowing scenes stuffed with visual effects. Straight from the first seconds, the game throws you into the action and never let you rest till the end of this frustratingly short episode.   Shelia has an arsenal of a few weapons which help her to effectively rush through the hordes of enemies. This arsenal includes an automatic gun, handgun and of course, an overpowered sword with all these fancy abilities. The game gives you a short brief about how all these weapons work in the game and that briefing doesn’t last long, I would say that length is fair enough for players to understand the basic mechanics and never feel like they are bored of these neverending tutorials.  Shooting from the guns feels pretty smooth and works pretty impressive as for the work of one person. The only problem is that the whole screen is full of redundant tiny UI elements that can distract you from the game from time to time. However, I guess it can be something personal, simply because I work as a web designer myself and I noticed that usually, most of the things that I find annoying or bad in terms of design are not a big deal for other players.   The whole fun begins when you equip the ancient sword, which has superpower abilities and can easily slash hordes of enemies. These abilities have been designed to be effective against the big pack of enemies and tough monsters. Keep in mind that sometimes enemies can disappear and then appear once again, especially when you fight them with a sword, because the game is still under development, so it has minor bugs and glitches here and there. But in general, it doesn’t happen way too constantly and doesn’t affect your gameplay badly.   Despite the fact that the game with its single available episode is pretty short, the player will meet a few bosses during this run. They are not hard to beat and they definitely don’t bring anything new or exciting in FPS genre, but these fights definitely look spectacular. One of the bosses look like an homage to Dark Souls series and this is not the only one reference for this game in Bright Memory.   Shelia gains the EXP point every time she kills someone and when she has enough of them, she is able to buy a new upgrade for herself. These upgrades usually mean more powerful weapons, longer jumps or increased stamina.   In general, this episode shows a great potential of the future game that has a big chance to become a top-selling hit, that everybody will enjoy if the developer won’t fail it. As for now, it looks like a short technical demo and I probably spent more time writing this review than actually playing it.                [h1] Graphics [/h1]  Graphics look absolutely amazing, for one person development this is absolutely mindblowing and looks like a decent AAA game. The only problem worth mentioning is Shelia’s face animation and small graphical glitches during some cutscenes. Other than that, everything looks beautiful, including visual effects, monster’s design and environment. The game is very well optimized for the Early Access title, so I can say, that Bright Future is probably one of the best experiences I have ever had with a game, that is still in development.   [h1] Sound [/h1]  The whole episode is filled with thrilling j-rock music during the intense shootings and battles. These tunes definitely add more of the action feel to the game and boost your experience to the highest level. Some of the background sounds may be glitched as well here and there, but again, this game is still on its early stage of development.   The biggest problem regarding Bright memory is that it doesn’t have English dub, only English text. I really hope that this will be fixed in the future.   [h1] Conclusion [/h1]   Bright Memory is a very ambitious project and you can’t deny the fact that for a single person this game looks pretty impressive. I recommend this game to everyone who is in love with fast-paced shooter games and willing to see what a single person is capable to do with due dedication.  [quote][url=https://store.steampowered.com/curator/7871885/] Follow our curator page,[b] OCG Curations [/b] if you like and want to see more reviews like this one.[/url][/quote]
the game is a bit short for now but the hack & slash FPS shooter combat is very engaging and fun.
Loved it. The only thing i disliked is having to rely on pressing shift for doding. I think if we had to press the directional keys like A, W, S, or D twice instead of instance A+Shift the dodging mechanic would feel better in my opinion. Also When in blade barrage mode it would be cool to have to either hold E to keep slicing or have mouse clicking take control of the barrage because if youre using that ability i think the majority of the player base wouldnt want to shoot their gun while their in blade barrage mode. Also the audio for footsteps, gun sounds, effects, ect could use some improvement to where the sound effect doesnt sound like you cropped too much of the wave file. Not sure if that makes sense or if i explained it all that well, but i figured i'd try and write this in the review because i loved this so much. Looking forward to the new episode!
The game is pretty good , but its really , really short , not even 1 hour and i was through it  
it's good, try it
Hello guys. i want to tell you a little about this game. Bright Memory Ep.1 is a first person shooter with a lot of elements from games like DmC. You can stun you enemys hold them midair and deal a lot of damage. To do that the game gives you some different skills like insta teleport to your enemy, a anti-gravity wave to hold your enemys in mid air or (my personal favorite) a sword to slash everything that is close enough. The gameplay in itself is pretty fast.  To get a beeter view about my thoughts i will make a list with pros and cons about this game.  pros: - the game looks beautiful. Even with lower settings - the gameplay i really fun. when you like fast games with combo elements like DmC you should take a look at this game - the game ist unique. I played a lot of games and the only game that comes close to the playstyle of Bright Memory is Bulletstorm  cons: - the game is terribly short. I finished my first playthrough in under an hour and i expected at least 1 1/2 to 2 hours worth of gameplay for good 6€ - the game is still early access. I found a lot of bugs like the music suddenly disappears or the game doesnt load the bossfight after i died. In addition you cant customis your keybindings. The game in itself is still bugy so i hope the dev will fix some of the trivial issues - there isnt really any variations between the types of enemys  Bright Memorys Ep.1 is a (really) small game with a lot of potential. I really hope the devs can fix the bugs and i look forward for Ep.2  I recommend it but i would wait until the game is in sale for like 4€.
Great game from a one man dev team.  The combat is really fun and unique. Playtime is less than an hour which will hopefully change in the future.
What every other good review said. That's what I think.  it's good, I played it 4 times. Plan on playing it more.
Very good. Good job man.
First review but I can safely say this is one game that needs to be in your library if you like the fast pace shooters (2016 doom). The game is even runs pretty smoothly too, I wish the game was a bit longer but for $6.99, I recommend you play this game.
Love the first 30 mins gameplay! Can't wait ontill they update the next part.
IM CRYIN8 , THIS SHIT IS HARD  THIS IS SOME HARD HARD SHIT
I'll definitely be in line for more of this. Loved exploring and hopping around the environment almost as much as the amazing action and butt rock. It ran surprisingly solid on my oldish computer too.
an absolutely gorgeous game and runs really well, keep in mind that it's really short you would think that it's still a demo.
Bright Memory [Episode 1] is a Sci-Fi First Person Shooter set in... somewhere... filled with... some things. Rating: 8/10 TL;DR: It's a really great game with a lot of heart and soul to it. I'm glad to have dropped cash on it as I hope to see more in the future. A lot of larger developers could learn a thing or two from the passion behind this project.  [H1]Setting[/h1] No idea. It's cool though, there's monsters and guys with guns.  [h1]World Design[/h1] The design on the world is pretty detailed for such a small game from a small team. The level layouts are like your typical First Person Shooter, moving from one location to another. You interact with levers and other things such as grappling points to move through the levels.   [h1]Story[/h1] No idea. Due to being episodic, it's not explained in its entirety. What's known is that the protagonist (whom is some sort of agent), is tracking down an artifact of sorts, racing against the antagonist group to obtain it. The story is very reminisce of a Tomb Raider game, converted into a shooter. Finding artifacts, traversing through a seemingly ancient location fighting enemies.  [h1]Gameplay[/h1] It plays a LOT like Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Everything from the exo-suit movement dashing around, to the gun itself having a HUD display indicating the ammo count. If you like Advanced Warfare' combat, you'll like this, it's identical. As it's a shooter, there's not much more to say, it's mostly combat and narrative.  [h1]Critiques[/h1] I add this section due to the game being in early access and only having one episode so far. These don't count towards my judgement of reccomending the game or not, merely smaller things that I suggest for the future or things I'd rather changes. These are critiques in developer choices rather than any incompetence. I'm very impressed with the small teams amazing work in this game and there's a lot of heart to it. [list] [*]There's a LOT of feedback, it's pretty overwhelming. [*]It's a very fast game, it doesn't allow for a lot of time to take in the surroundings and cutscenes. [*]Japanese only voice acting (which is fine by me, but given the above point, I missed a lot of what was said as it passes so quick. [*]Raindrops on the camera. It's a great effect, it feels almost like the developer just came across this cool new effect and threw it in everywhere. It's never needed as the protagonist wears no helmet and during cutscenes, it gets in the way. [/list]  It's a great game and the team behind it done a great job, I have no real issues with it and gladly reccomend people at least check it out. I'm looking forward to seeing more.
I've been thinking of developing a first person souls like product for some time no and it seem that they've beat me to the punch. The coure machanics of this game is enjoyable and smooth, from the way the evasion is implimented down to the accuracy of the gun, my favorite mechanic so far is the first person melee system. I cant wait for a pulished and full release version of this product.
If Dark Souls and DOOM2016 had a baby, Bright Memory would be their demon spawn of a middle child.
This is a little short but it was good. The combat is super fun. DMC + souls gameplay with skill abilities. Very fun. The platforming is alright. Feels a little wonky. Can't wait to see how this progresses.
very fun game cant wait for the rest of it
jesus fuck me what a best surprise! totaly recommend!
Very good game, considering 1 person made it. Very good job can't wait for the rest. 1 thing ti add though. Add mappable controls please.
Short but quite a lot of fun and definitely worth a punt at its current price. Two thing though; first is a bug where enemy bodies will float into the air if you pause and, second is a suggestion. If you could change the dodge mechanic to double tap direction I think it would make combat more fluid and instinctive on mouse and keyboard.  EDIT The Dev has implemented double tap to dodge and it improves things greatly. I can't wait to see more of this game!
10/10 game. Awesome gameplay, combat system and storyline. Great graphics. Would recommend to play.
Holy crap does this game truly shine once you've gotten a strong grip with the combat.  The combos are insanely satisfying mixed with the wonderful effects of combat complimenting the splatter of gore and crazy lightning clouds engulfing your enemies.  This game is looking strong and hopeful for its release: I wish the developers the best of luck and look forward to the next episode of Bright Memory!
Waiting for episode 2.
Not bad. Something about it reminds me a lot of Crysis.  The controls seem a bit loose, but overall the handling is decent.  Overall would love to see where this goes.  Awfully short, but I'm guessing because thats because its is still in early access.
Just play it. You'll have a great hour of gameplay and combat for the price of a meal at mcdonalds.
Crysis gunplay + Shadow warriors melee + darksoul bosses and enemies + DMC style combo meter + DOOM kick ass music style = fun fast paced shooter  For a 1 man team developer, this is the type of indie game I can jump on.  pixel indies are not my type of games.  Good graphics and plenty of graphic settings, suprisely.  Very short first episode, can be completed in 30 mins but does have replaybility if you like to go back and rack up combo meters and trophy hunting.  Dialogue are in mandarian w/ english sub.  Story can be hard to follow during action because of subtitles.  Controls takes almost the entire 30 mins to get accustom and by then the game ends.  But I do plan to replay multiple times.    Fun game if you looking for a fresh short sweet shooter.  I like the asian female lead.
This game might be short, but GOD DAMME is it amazing. It is honestly one of the best games i have ever played. Everything from the souls-like fps combat to the sounds is masterfully crafted. i had no idea what was happening and i was still invested in the characters and the world around theme i would highly recomend every one to try this game.
One of the best shooter, hack and slash, intense games I've played in awhile short but sweet, can't wait for more
Once you get a hang of the combat this game becomes a ridiculous amount of fun. Hard to believe it was made by 1 guy in china.
Chinese Doom
Played it start to finish! Very short, very very short, but for the price and the fact it is early acsess I am okay with it! The combat is a joy, like stalish action games like DMC and Bayotetta had a child with Crisis. It's fast, fun, the powers give you, well... power, and when you die, you feel like it is your fault, not the game's fault (unless you get stuck on something). The fact there is a new game plus for it makes replaying to get all the powers and such worth it.
Holy shoot i gotta praise this game for what it is, it's like chinese doom sci-fi with it's own slashing take. Reminds me of those HK movies where the fast paced action never stops, and for a 1 man project this is helluva fine looking game. Plays fine too. Kept me hooked until the final boss in 1 play (for episode 1 at least). I recommend buying this game without a shadow of doubt. Especially when it's this cheap. Usually i'm not keen onto buying indie games since they often use Unity engine, but one glance at Unreal Engine logo during the start of this game clears it all. It's GREAT.  Edit: Absolutely love the character/world designs, the textures appear fast and play fast. I just realized i finished this game within an hour with my poor skills and got myself the heroine's school outfit but not everything unlocked yet so gonna play more soon.
Amazing
good gem
Value please,HIRE THIS GUY
Look out amateur game devs! Looks like China is here to take all of your jobs! Be advised though this is just a 30 minute demo. A 30 minute Shadow Warrior meets Tomb Raider.
I won't deny the factor that I can't wait for this game to be finished, I was a huge fan of Cyrsis, and this game hits home a fair amount, It's so button mashy with it's skill set and flow... honestly there's not a time in which you aren't pressing something down.  The visuals are stunning, and the gmae play is really enjoyable.  As it's early access not much to say other than a grand 10/10 so far, can't wait for more.
Absolutely ridiculous that this is made by one person. Just buy it, the quality of the gameplay is off the charts considering this fact. This gentleman deserves to be rich, quit his day job and run is own studio. Ridiculous. I'm totally mind blown.  The qwirky english translations just add to the charm. You can tell where the focus is and I couldn't have more praise to offer. I'll bet this will garner [i] a lot [/i] of attention in the community.
Not bad game for one-man studio. I hope dev will polish it more and add more hours to storymode.  There are several things that concerns me:  1. Dashing (or Dodging) works only for sideways and backwards. I think there should be also forward dashing. That will make main character even more maneuverable.  2. Sometimes there are FPS drops, especially during fire effects.  3. I hope in future, there will be survival/horde mode with highscore rankings. That could make people replay this game multiple time even after finishing the game 
One person managed to pull off a game that huge development teams couldn't even dream of. I'm excited to see this game progress forward, and bring out more content.
Very good feeling.
for single dev this game is hella fun cannot wait for the  future holds for this game
Bright Memory - Episode 1 / Early Access   SPECS:   - GTX 960 - Intel Core I5 3450 3.1 GHZ - 8 GB RAM  First things first. This game was made by one individual. Do not buy this game expecting a triple A experience. This is the only episode currently released at this time 1/15/2019. The creator has already claimed he will be releasing more soon.  Pros:  - Combat: The combat is really fun once you get the jist of it. Pulling off combos left and right while dashing and stopping time is pretty awesome. It is a mix of Shadow Warrior and Titanfall 2. Shadow Warriors quick combat movements with Titanfall 2 technology. This is honestly the best part of the game.  - Graphics: Graphics are pretty nice. Not DICE nice but for what Unreal Engine can push, It is pretty cool.  - Optimization: Game runs very smooth even with everything going on screen.   - English Menu and Subs.: Though the dialouge is in chinese, Everything else is set to english. You don't have to worry about going into the settings and changing the language if that is one of your concerns.   Cons:  -Story: Not much of a story, Something is there but he obviously worked more on the combat but then again, This is only Episode 1, More will obviously come in the future.   -Playtime: The game is only about 30 minutes long, Ends right before things are suddenly getting interesting too.
Respect for the developer of this indie game and look forward to the complete edition
as of writing this review (20th of jan) i have seen nobody compare this game to doom 2016 this game is doom 2016 with dark souls enemies and bosses me likey
It is SERIOUSLY difficult to believe that this was a single-dev game. The amount of work this man put into this must be simply mind-boggling.  The graphics are amazingly well done, on par with many AAA games even. The battle combat and mechanics are very solidly based, laying the foundation for a great deal of potential in the future. The developer's inexperience is pretty evident from a lot of viewpoints, most markedly being the lack of thought in creating battlezones when fighting in. For an FPS game, it was remarkedly hard creating the distance needed for a proper gunfight - even the "sword" Shelia carries is nothing more than yet another long-ranged weapon. But that's about it, gameplay wise.  I spent $7.50 on it, and I'm proud to say that this money was well spent for the one hour of enjoyment I got in return.
Awesome!
Mixed with shadow warrior and DMC I love it
Made by only one developer? this game is amazing for being made by just one guy.
You know i saw this as an early access and figured hey i wonder what an early access game actually looks like, compared to the semi finished crap that AAA publisher give us these days...  Umm EA, ?bethesda and Activision, WTF? this was made by one dude and although it was sometimes janky its fun as hell and has a very enjoyable combat system in place that while at times seems repetative its a million times better than the recycled garbage you usually give us.  This game was overall hella fun and i look forward to the other episodes.
yes
Great game must play!
1 developer? Best indie game ever. All the other indie and AAA studios should be ashamed. And only for $7? WOW  Like the saying goes, there's always an Asian person better than youuuuu
This neat little game definitely has a BRIGHT future ahead of it.  It's less than 10 bucks, definitely worth getting even if it's a short experience. It's fast, fun, and satisfying combat that also looks absolutely stunning. I can't wait to see how this game will flourish and if my pocket change can contribute even a little bit in its development, I'm happy that I've invested my money into something good.  Now for the criticisms: - I don't speak Chinese. At all. But even I can tell that the voice acting was terrible. - Facial animations need to be improved, but it's not a priority right now, I assume. - Some prompts for tutorial and QTE aren't timed well, which results in players (maybe just me) not being able to react in time. For example, the Q prompts that results in insta-deaths when failing to do so. - It'd be nice if Dodging mid-air was as effective as they are on the ground. They seem to have a shorter range mid-air. - Light Blade control scheme could use a bit of help. I'd suggest an option to change Light Blade's control scheme: "E" to prime the ability, and pressing/holding right-click to do normal blade attacks instead of needing to consecutively hold E. That way players still have the option to use their gun if they have to while having all the available fingers to dodge in any direction. - Dodging should be a little more generous, in a sense that when you dodge, enemies should lose track of you for at least 1 second.  Dodging an enemy attack mid-swing only for them to land a hit on you anyways because they keep tracking you feels pretty bad. - I can't tell if Suya has boobs or not. This isn't a big deal or anything, but I've been staring at her character design for like 5 minutes and... I think her boobs are way lower than they should proportionally be? I don't know, it looks kinda weird.  Anyway, great looking game. Best of luck to the developer(s)!
Story Feels almost like a Metal Gear game, random plot points everywhere with little context. This isn't necesarily a bad thing though.   Dark Souls setting with crazy FPS Gameplay and hilariously vague story works surprisingly well.  Also some of the mistranslated lines are pretty funny. 10/10
Sheila's hot, fps hack-and-slash is a plus, and it is fun.  Also Sheila's hot.
Game is quite fine tbh.And hope it could draw on the experiences of Dishonored like skill button or something.Btw, voice cast is terrible.I can't even imagine I am battling in an island with monsters if only by hearing this not-good voice cast..not motion at all.
When a $7.00 game looks and plays better than an unnamed AAA game made by an unnamed AAA Developer with fewer bugs and is only in early access. Not naming any names though.                                                                          Bethesda.
nice game, learn all abilities and have fun
Should only take about 30 minutes to beat. hell i think i beat it in like 31 minutes, but i did die a shit ton though. especially at the last boss. In that 30 minutes though, it was a lot of fun. the skills and dodging that come with shooting shit makes the game enjoyable to play, almost like playing shadow warrior again.   Hope a full release comes out in due time, would definitely pay for a full version!
my dream game 10/10
An incredible game like this built by only one person is a feat like none other.   The shooting is satisfying, the sword attacks are cool and useful.  One complaint I have is that sometimes puzzles are not clear to the player (make interactables glow) - other than that, I look forward to seeing more of this game!  9/10
Great FPS game, amazing how one dev only could achieve such a good game. Totally worth the 6€ even if it's just Ep1 for now.
This is a very good game, shame it is still in development otherwise I'd be binge playing it xD. The graphics are wondrous, the game is easy to understand, you shoot anything that moves, it reminds me of dark souls but much much much easier, perhaps this is a good thing, it'd be nice if we could choose the difficulty level, maybe you can and I just don't know, if there isn't hopefully it will be added. The game is really smooth, the characters designs are rlly nc, even though it's not completed the game is still amazing, so I can only wonder how amazing the full release will be. I really recommend this game, it's beautiful, it's fun, it's smooth, just like how I lie my girls ;)
it has a dark souls reference, what more do i have to say
For such a short amount so far this game is still more than worth the price tag; looks amazing, plays really well, has some nice mechanics I haven't really seen used elsewhere along with common ones you find in other games. It's fast paced, fun score based shooter. Highly recommend it, support the dev on their endevour to make this game!
Reminds of Shadow warrior and it is fun
PROS: + isn't made by bethesda + isn't made by EA + looks beautiful + interesting enemies + arial combat feels satisfiying af + literally costs less than a good pizza + skins for character (schoolgirl uwu) + B O N F I R E  L I T  CONS: - pretty short but has replayability value    I will be looking forward to more content and see how this man can amaze me more
This game is rough around the edges right now but its rough from lack of polish, from lack of time rather than lack of talent or ambition. When this game comes out it will be amazing. The main issue I had was the platforming sections were very wonky. Also the game just throws you into the deep end. Granted the final product will probably have a tutorial. It reminds me of Shadow warrior 2 except it strips out the looter elements and focuses on the combat aspect of using swords, guns, and magic powers. Hopefully they will speed it up a bit in the finished product. You move rather slugishly
the guy who made this game is literally cheating in real life, I refuse to believe that this was made by just one person it's actually amazing
This is absolutely a great game. Even with it being in EA, this is far beyond what most AAA titles are at and this was primarily a one man game. I recommend this game with a rating of 20/10 and cannot wait for the following episodes to release.
This game was a blast!!! I cant see where it will go in the future!! Great game! better then most AAA titles :D
That does not even matter if the game is short. That is perfect in all conditions. What do we get for 3€? We get amazing combat, different combos/styles, other skills that u can take with xp points and also dynamic shooter, perfect graphics, good optimization and just an awesome game. I hope it will be more guns and other swords including new skills in the future.
Amazing game, only took me 30 mins to complete but there is a new game+ so you can play it and unlock more. The graphics are amzing and the hud is nice as it is a different take on first person hud's but it is never explained what half the things around the gun mean. The gameplay feels amazing but near the end it does get very repetive, the final boss fight I spent 90% of the time in the air switching between the blade and just firing the assault rifle as that was the best way to fight the boss as it cant touch you in the air.  However, all that being said it is an amazing game and for £5.19 I would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoyed bulletstorm or devil my cry.   I also loved the bonfire included as a nod towards darksouls
When a SINGLE developer can create a better game than an entire AAA studio.
This. Game. Yes.  And for one man building??!?! Early Access or not, this game is phenomenal.  The FIGHTING MECHANICS flow sooooo well and yet the COMBAT boasts great depth (so yes, dodging, shooting, swording, jumping, pulsing, blasting, pulling--them combos man<33 :)  The GRAPHICS are gorgeous for the games pace and the fighting. The atmosphere is amazing in this game. It stands on its own, but for imagery sake: picture Hellblade, Wareframe, and Halo 3/Deus Ex thrown together. The title reminds me of Remember Me but I have yet to even scratch the surface of where he's going with this. <3  To the developer: You are awesome. Keep this up. I am in love with the atmosphere and combat direction. It is, at times, a little too much going on, but we'll see once I get a better grip on mechanics.  Only things I would note in lieu of Early Access development is that sometimes after reloading the weapon would decide to keep firing without me firing it xD could be stopped, but wastes a lot of the clip. And occassionally the actions would not register quick enough (specifically when running and jumping). Again, that may be a configuration on my side.   If you like solo gameplay and enjoy the pace of Remember Me but the mechanics and flow of Hellblade with guns and electrical force-wielding awesomeness, GET THIS REGARDLESS.  Cause it's awesome. :)     BONUS TRAITS THIS GAME HAS GOING FOR IT: 1. Load Screens are lit. 2. HUD display is lit. 3. Blast effects are lit. 4. Title screen is lit. 5. Creatures are lit. 6. Creature bosses/alphas are beastly lit. 7. Combat pace manipulation is lit (as in run-and-gun or hack-and-slash or actually being able to use the full potential of the combos which I will probably never be able to do). 8. Protagonist is lit. 9. Subtitles are lit.
Sweet combat Combo and air feel amazing Nice looking  big fat thumbs up ! Cant wait untill we get more content :)
This game has a vivid mix of different other games. The arena fights you might know from Doom, Action sequences like from tomb raider, COD Weapons, SiFi body enhancements with special movements, Dark Souls - boss fights and bonfires (no shit, no idea what the bonfire does though - the game saves automatically), Skills you can unlock, much Hack'n Slash...  I really don't mind that they took everything that they thought is a good idea and used it in their own game, I enjoyed the gameplay very much.  That been said, there are some parts where you can see that it is in EA.  - It is translated, but it still needs some work. Especially the skill area look really uncleanly translated. (not unplayable though and I don't mind the original soundtrack at all)  - The movement in the puzzle room really infuriated me - thinking about it again RN I think I could have cheesed it - but I would really appriciate if they would maybe include some "checkpoints". I really didn't enjoy running through the hole room to try again. The main reason for me falling down was the grappling not working as I expected / needed it to.  - Sometimes wonky character animations in cutscenes. Let's just say it lacks some polish :D  Sadly I could get through in about half an hour - I am not sure if that is it or if this is just the current state of the first episode.  Thanks for the game.
Really awesome fight scenes and really fast paced. awesome graphics as well. keep it up guys! I loved your game!
Impressive for a single dude, still the game is not that good. If you remove the graphics you have a lower than average fps with fun mechanics but not polish enough to make them awesome to use. Really short, fine for the price. I had a some bugs and also the detection of actions is clunky. There's better game for that price and worst.  Pros: -Made by one dude -Fine Graphics -Fun gameplay  Cons: -Short -Need Polish -Buggy -Unresponsive at time -Levelling system
Bonefire lit
amazing game i love the graphic and combat  100 / 10
There needs to be more of this. Now.
Pros: - High and Stable FPS - Buttery smooth movement abilities and weapon play - Map Design - Bonfire Lit - This game is 7-8 FUCKING dollars.  Cons: - Subtitles ( But that's just me being nit-picky.)  Consensus:  I cannot express how amazed I am at how this game plays and performs. This is the kind of thing I would expect from Capcom, Activision (During their older games) and even Bethesda (Again, their older games). Even knowing that this is is a demo, I would strongly put this near something like the Resident Evil series or even Half-Life. I really hope the developer continues to pursue the course that he is going with this game and expands upon it. In my opinion, this is the GOLD standard for an Early Access Game. If you have the money, buy this game. It is well worth the 7-8 dollars. 
Since the game is in early access and we are able to play one episode the critizism isn't that big of a deal since it get's reworked countless times. You have to get a feeling of the style of the gameplay and the usage of many skills and combat types. Once you learned some things it get's really fun to play and you get an approximate experience of 30-40 minutes. As I can read in the description this game was made by ONE PERSON !!! Huge respect.  Let's get into my pros and cons:  Pro: + The graphic isn't like an Uncharted game or something but it does look really good + I assume the subtitles are translated correctly so it is great to have multiple languages + Menu layout is clear and not a messy chaos + Awesome tutorials at the beginning with slow speed to read instructions and learn the gameplay + The HUD shows everything neccessary, maybe some details could be removed + Combat System is not that hard to learn and use + A puzzle is always a good choice + Small 3 Second-Cutscenes while walking or entering the room spreads some atmosphere while playing + Enemies have a move setting and don't spam the same attack over and over again + Boss monster already added  Cons: - When I first started the game the colors switched like crazy like these epilepsy videos on youtube  -> was removed after changing the game into windowed mode - After bouncing up the enemies some of them get glitched into a wall - The hit rate of these flying birds are at like 99% :D - (could be removed if the problem is my computer) The menu was at ~30FPS and the game at ~40-55FPS, never reached 60 - (could be removed if the problem is my computer) Some lag spikes when a big mob uses a greater attack  Cons which I don't really count as "Cons" because the game is in Early Access and it is just episode 1: - We see a kind of story but we don't get many information about it - Game Performance to be able to play with 60+FPS - Only 3 weapons - Difficulty settings - More graphical and and gameplay settings (changing keys manually was noted as not working, so it's not that bad)  I really see big potential in the game. The first Episode is a good start into the game and it could get an interesting story line. Take your time on programming the game and I hope we will see a great game in the future.  Even I have under 2 hours and could refund the game I won't do it because I support the game and hopefully many other do the same.
Took me about 40 minutes to get through this first episode so it's not the longest by any stretch. But holy heck is it fun, mixture of shadow warrior, devil may cry and even slow telegraphing dudes for dodging n shit. Great fun, mega cluster fuck would highly recommend for a wee blast fun. Looking forward to episode 2
Not bad, but could do with some more refinement. But, considering this is all made by one guy then it is quite impressive what they've pulled off. An FOV slider would be most welcomed.
Pretty remarkable effort from just one dude, even if it is only about an hour long. English translations are pretty poor, but they read in a manner that's so funny I never minded.For instance, there's a room where you fight for about 10 minutes to acquire something called the "Bronze Ding". Looking forward to episode 2
+ Innovative FPS-Shooter with ability based gameplay and cinematic moments + Gameplay exactly like its shown in trailers  +/- 5-6 € for 40 mins gameplay, i think its still worth it (also developed by just one guy) + +/- Some bugs, which didn´t bother much  - Easy difficulty (Didn´t die one time in first run, don´t actually know if there are different difficulty levels ; coudn´t choose one at the beginning)
I recommend it, though this episode is incredibly short.  The gameplay is solid. There is satisfaction in surviving a mass wave of attacking enemies.  The 'boss' sections are pretty good, they aren't too grindy and you never feel like you're aren't doing damange. With that said, there is an aspect of enemies feeling like bullet sponges constantly.  Graphics look good, though draw distances on vegetation did result in me noticing hanging moss sections on rocks disappearing very obviously.   All in all I don't feel like my money was wasted. Though I am including the prospective future with more levels and a bit more variety to the combat.  It should be noted that the fancy GIF showing a well orchestrated sword attack combo is not reflective of the actual game. When I get out that sword I am mashing the basic attack button as fast as possible to get as many cuts out before the sword attack timer runs out.  Finally: I'm not much of a fan of bullet hell style stuff, and this game could improve the damage response so you know where you got hurt from, but it keeps it tempered enough for non masochistic gamers to enjoy the faster paced fight sections.
Just bought it and beat it. It's very rare (and as far as I can remember I never did that)  - Lots of cool mechanics, power-up system is nice, though I wish there was a glory kill as well as a parry mechanic, and maybe some way to mix grappling and sword play (for example grab an ennemy and finish it with the sword), or gun and sword. But it looks very very promising, it's like Doom & DMC had a child. - Difficulty seems fair and balance, though sometimes enemies can corner you and it gets really hard to dash out of damage - beautiful visuals, some weird fog effect that totally blinds you sometimes but it's not frequent - musics are kinda cool, which is rare to see in a FPS these days (appart from the one touched by the grace of Mick Gordon) - minor bugs like enemies stuck in a bottomless pit can happen (not very frequent but still)  Conclusion : yes sir. Please more. I'm very impressed this game was apparently done by one single guy. Congrats dude, can't wait to see more to be honest. There is definitely an indie (personnal) GOTY potential here (when the game fully releases). So, yep, please give this guy a chance...  ===============  French ver :   J'ai fini le jeu une fois l'avoir acheté et lancé (ce qui ne m'est jamais arrivé avant)  - Y'a des mécaniques vachement cool; ce serait bien qu'on en ait un peu plus car le potentiel du jeu a l'air de se retenir encore. Imaginez qu'on puisse, par exemple, combiner grapin et coup d'épée ou épée et flingue - Quelques bugs qui peuvent dérouter du genre un ennemi qui se plante dans un vide et ne bouge plus et qu'on ne le voit pas (du coup on a l'impression que la fin du combat ne se charge pas) - Les graphismes sont beaux à part quelques effets de fumée un peu dégueu qui peuvent nous aveugler - La difficulté ça a l'air ok, même si des fois on peut se faire bloquer par une horde d'ennemi et se faire meuler - les musiques ça passe, y'a l'air d'avoir une petite BO sympa en préparation  Conclusion : on est définitivement face à de la bonne came, là, les cocos. Donc j'attends impatiemment de voir la suite parce qu'on pourrait avoir un petit GOTY quand le jeu sortira (sachant que les journalopes vont tous se ruer sur les AAA chiants et insipides que quelqu'un nous sort forcément chaque année,)... donc ouais, donnons ça chance au joyeux luron qui a fait ce jeu.
Goods shooter, with nice gameplay options and interesting enemy design.
a breath of fresh air
Not a episode 1  More like a Demonstration 1    If this is actually an episode, the Full game will be 2 hours long Either way, this game is really impressive and fun to play for as long as it lasts.  If you like DMC, you will like this short n sweet demo of Bright Memory     
High quality indie title. Fun combat once you get the hang of it. Graphics is also really decent for an indie shooter. Now, what is lacking at the moment, in my opinion: - A proper story. I have no idea what the hell is going on. Currently, you are just shooting everybody you see. - Maybe a tutorial in the beginning. At the moment it's fine, since there aren't that many skills and mechanics you need know, but as the game progresses I imagine a tutorial of some kind would be helpful. - Ultrawide support. Hey, it's 2019, and 21:9 aspect ratio isn't that difficult, and you are clearly a skilled developer.  Things to improve: - The voice acting is really...bad. The Chinese script is cringe-worthy. That hurts the experience, really. - The final boss is unimpressive, you just dodge, shoot, dodge, shoot, ad nauseam. Give the enemy attack a bit more diversity.  Good work so far. Keep on! 感觉不错啊兄弟，加油！
craze game, wish there was more content.
Crazy good shooter mechanics with a good amount of skill and combos to each weapon. for only 5 bucks I highly recomend this game, get it while it is still cheap so you dont regret it later
BONFIRE LIT
Wow this must be the future of SP FPS games. Diggin it hard.
Damn.......
I really liked it.  The gameplay reminds me of Devil May Cry and the art style is like Tomb Raider and Dark Souls had a baby.
Plenty of fun so far, looking forward to the future of this game and dev
You can kill turtles in  this game 10/10
This is Chinese mind control
Early access review: I don't know what the F is going on in this but....its awesome. Very fun hour of game. Hope series continues to develop.   Some of the dialogue/ english translations made me giggle: -when invisible HUD says you are invisibling -Best quote after getting transported through port hole " where is this? could it be the land of the air, hidden at the edge of the north pole?!"  -there's a dragon like monster that the subs call fly snake   thumbs up  
Yes, you can easily beat the game (up to this point: episode 1) in 30 mins. Yes, you'll find some minor flaws, like XP-halos falling through the floor. Yes, you'll be wanting more after the game ends. Yes, it is easily accessible, yet not too easy. Yes, you might not really get what's happening, even with english subtitles. Yes, the action is stressful, but rewarding once you get the hang of it. Yes, switching between gunplay and slashing is fast and works well. Yes, you'll have fun, lot's of it. And yes, it is totally worth every cent or penny the developer asks from you and more.  So yes, I recommend it and yes, you should support the 1 (!!!) developer and buy the game.
Great experience, lotsa fun! This was developed by a single person?! WHAAAAAAAAAAAAT  I would buy a 20h story full game for 60 bucks easily
This Early Access game is incredibly short, incredibly unique, and holy FUCK IT'S COOL.  There are some flaws in it, but HOLY SHIT, you get into the game and just everything is happening, the graphics are fantastic, and you're already blowing your whole load. I found this game on accident and I see how it got so many positive reviews so fast, because the combat is fun, fast, and feels amazing. I fully recommend this for 7 dollars, even though it's beatable in minutes. It is well worth experiencing, and you'll have it for when it progresses.   Now, time for pointing out actual flaws...not that they matter much.  -Can't edit keybindings (It even says it, which is something I can't say I've seen before)  -Can't change fov (Would be a nice touch for when you get the fully game, but it's fine as is) -All xp is lost if you die (It might be intentional, but I doubt it)  -Combo currently doesn't actually do anything (But it's still really fun to see)  -Xp has to be picked up off the ground, and sometimes finds itself in unreachable places -2 lines of dialogue were just....not translated, and the translation is very rough  That's about it for the direct current issues. The game is visually astounding, and runs amazing on my broken 2080 (we all make mistakes). On top of that, just...WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK, THEY THROW IN NOT EVEN A DARKSOULS REFERENCE, BUT JUST FUCK- You'll see for yourself. You can't miss it. If this game turns out to be as impressive all the way through, this will set the standard for a whole new kind of genre, and I cannot wait to see where this goes.
About 30-40 minutes in and I can deff say I am enjoying it. The sword mechanics and long slash arcs feel great and the shooting feels good(nothing special). The dodging system deff needs some reworking I think, but over all I deff say give it a go.  Solid B+ for me
Quite a good early access game. The game runs smoothly 95% of the time except for those 2 moments the controls dont seem to respond in time. For the gameplay: There isnt really a clear story but the combat and skills are satisfying enough to compensate for any of that. The graphics are gorgeous and really contribute to what the game is trying to make you feel.  My only complaint is that the game is kind of short, it took 30 minutes for me to beat it the first time, but I didnt mind playing it once more to try and hunt a few achievements and find some stuff that I missed.  [spoiler] Also the game has a dark souls bonfire [/spoiler]  I would rate this game a 7.5/10 as it is still an early access game, but I think this will become a 8.5 at LEAST  when it's finished.
Really nice. Love the skills. Great soundtrack. I hope there is a possibilty for english voice overs.
100% worth the money, I can't express this enough. Very short episode but for $7 I have absolutely no regrets. Very minor bugs encountered (There was a spot that if you stood on wooden planks overlooking the cliff you couldn't jump back, only down to die and respawn). Other than that I experienced no issues. Gameplay was smoother than hot butter and hotter than a wildfire. 10/10 will likely replay for higher style score.  I will absolutely be purchasing any further episodes they release.
Super fun combat, can't wait for more!
Can't wait for episode 2!!!!
As of early access I like this game a lot.  So far i've only completed week 1 but i feel like the time invested has given me a reasonable grasp on the game and the way it works.  So let's start with what drew me to the game, the combat. The combat is extremely smooth and very satisfying however I do feel like you can easy mode a lot of the melee enemies with aerial combat. BUT the combos are smooth, the guns handle very well and so far i don't feel like any of the abilities break the game and are too overpowered.  Secondly the game looks stunning and whilst the mobs look a bit generic they are polished and look very well made. The map design is a bit uninspired and gives me a pretty strong Nioh vibe.  My major nitpick with the game is the fact that some of the English subtitles are terrible and i feel as if most of the game was trwanslated with google translate. And while I undesterstand that they are an independent studio I feel as if it wouldn't have taken a whole lot of time for the developer to get someone with a better understanding of English to translate the game
This game is great, runs so smooth its been a while since i played a smooth game.  Big props to the developer to make this this game by its own,  i will keep following this game for more episodes.  
A breath of fresh air.  Pros - Sound design - Graphics - Controls - Music - Combat - Movement - level design   Cons - No english voice acting but this can be overlooked and is not that big of a deal - Some frame drops but not often - Not finished yet   Overall well worth the price I cant wait for this game to be finished.
I don't usually review games, but I feel like this is a good exception. This game shows real promise, and I'm glad I picked it up. Especially since, currently, it's less than my usual order at my favorite fast food restaurant. Money well spent.  Pros: Visuals - The game looks fantastic. I love the sci-fi kind of aesthetic and I think this is a great example. It's a very pretty game. Gameplay - There are some things to work out, but it was quite fun to play. The abilities have a good variety so you can switch things up as needed for the situation. I'm liking the combat system.  Story - There's not too much story in this Early Access, but what's there definitely has me intrigued. Plenty of questions left unanswered that I hope to find out when the game is finished.  Cons: Translations - I get that English is not the creator's first language, and the translation is at least understandable as to what's going on, but they still need a lot of work. I do hope this can be worked out before release. Shotgun - Maybe it's just my personal tastes, but the shotgun felt underwhelming. It does seem fairly balanced, but it just doesn't have the punch feel I love about shotguns. Feel free to ignore this con, as it's solely opinion.  All in all, I definitely recommend people give this a try and support the creator. I can see this becoming quite successful, and I'm looking forward to playing the finished product.
Even though this game is not yet finished, it's absolutely an experience to be had.   It's kind of refreshing, actually. I'm not [i]exactly[/i] sure what to call the genre of it, but wow.  The combat, whilst seemingly unforgiving at times, is incredibly entertaining and I never really got bored of it.   The weapons are pretty good, and the abilities are excellent.   I finished this particular episode in ~30 minutes on my second playthrough.  Overall, I believe that the game is absolutely fantastic for being built by a lone developer. I can't wait to see what the next episode brings. 
Pros: Looks great New twist on a shooter I don't understand half of it yet but I don't care Waifus   Cons: Some issues with 21:9, either streched or doesnt fit the screen  FOV is way too low
I love this game. It's good fun and runs really well for a game made by one person.
If this is not a game, it's atleast a damn good portfolio for this Developer. It offers pretty much little content, but the content it does have is very juicy. Gameplay is fun and intense. The levels are small but it does not feel like a chore running through them. Graphics are not the next Gen, but for what it is and what it can be very well done and not entirely ugly. Sounds are also okay-ish. The Dev has to work on the timing when a sound plays and when not; It helps with the immersion. I have little to almost no idea what the story is really about. But looking at it the general gist of it is: You have technology given by a Doctor (aka. "Dr" in the game) and you have to stop the bad guy looking for treasures unlocking mystical secrets. Correct me if I am wrong here.  The gameplay offers more abilities and skills, they are fun and awesome to use. I would love to see in how much this section is going to expand.  You could say this game has bits and pieces of mechanics from various games. I could name some: [list] [*]Devil May Cry (Sword slashing, air fight and score counting) [*]Tomb Raider (Story, Puzzles and exploring if possible) [*]Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon (HUD and aesthetics in weapons and outfit) [/list]  Ofcourse the mentioned mechanics are not invented by said games. But they were a milestone in utilizing their potentials. Atleast in my eyes.  The game takes about 20 minutes if you solve the puzzles without screwing up a couple times. But I do not regret paying for this product, nor did I waste my time. I'd recommend anyone who has a quick internet to throw those 5 bux at the Dev and have a good time for atleast 30 minutes.
Great game. Graphics are on point, they have that blurry kind of electric neon a e s t h e t i c, and voice acting is very good as well. Despite having the characters having western names the voices are in mandarin. This IMO does give it some unique flavor. The environments are well built, and very lovely to look at. Onto gameplay. You are thrust right in after a quick cinematic, you have 3 weapons, pistol, shotgun, assault rifle, they are given upon arrival, and a sword. There is no formal tutorial rather tips show up during your first few combat encounters. Ammo, health, and XP are given upon the enemies death, kinda like old Doom. The XP is used to un-lock passive skills, and abilities, (faster running, time freeze, staying aloft while discharging weapons, better defense, and the like). Speaking of enemies the AI is good, i havent had time for further interaction as i only logged 20 minutes. During combat when the PC starts to use any ability time slows down, and during this moment you can combine attacks, like using the sword sends shockwaves to the enemy, combining it with scrolling up on the mouse wheel will send shorter attacks, Kinda like Bayonetta. So you could say its like Doom meets Bayoneta in the mechanics = Doomnetta. For a guy a who only worked on this in his spare time its well done.
Spoilers (maybe? I don't talk about the plot but... IDK) just thought I’d put that warning there as I generally don’t care about spoilers, so I tend to be super careful about them around others so if you want to go into this game blind don’t read this just know I think the game is good.  Really fun gameplay but very short, the game is only about 45 minutes long. However I can definitely seem myself playing it through multiple times to unlock all the upgrades and master the combat system. Hopefully future episodes are longer and this was just to see if people would be interested in the game.    Some of these might seem nit-picky but these are some of the issues/ criticisms I had with the game. Take them with a grain of salt, I know nothing about game design.  1. Reloading your guns doesn’t really fit the style of the game, it would make more sense if your guns used energy and overheated so you didn’t need to actively reload it was more of a passive thing as to not break the action. This would allow you to switch between guns and not worry about switching to a gun that you forgot to reload and screwing yourself. Gun switching could also be an interesting mechanic to deepen the gameplay. Or you just don’t need to reload like in Doom, though I could see this breaking some of the abilities you unlock, such as...  2. The ability that boosts you higher if you shoot while already being in the air only lifts you a set amount per shot rather than scaling depending on what gun you’re using. It’s fine on the assault rifle but almost useless on the shotgun and pistol. It would be way more interesting if the shotgun boosted you up really high and you had to time your shots as you went up and down to get the most damage out of the shotgun.  3. Speaking of the shotgun, it just feels super weak, not just in damage but also the sound it makes.  4. One of the boss arenas is too small (IMO)  5. The human enemies are just not fun to fight, I’m not exactly sure what it is about them, maybe they have too much health or the arena you fight them in isn't really suited for fighting more traditional FPS enemies. Luckily you only briefly fight them in two parts of the game so it’s not that bad.  6. You have a move that lets you swing on certain objects in the terrain to get over obstacles, however for it to work properly you have to stop moving, which doesn’t seem like that big of a deal but the gameplay and movement is so fast that it feels like you should be able to jump off the ledge and start the swing mid air but often the prompt goes away and you fall to your death. I just think that you should be able to do the exploration/ platforming at the same or similar speed as the combat.  7. Enemy attacks that look like they miss, still hit  8. Guns are pretty boring (Assault rifle, shotgun, pistol) hope to see some more variety in the future.   Despite all that the game is really good and I don’t mind paying $8 for a 45 min experience if it means that it’ll help the developer make the full game. What’s here is really good and the gameplay has lots of potential which makes me very excited for whats to come, as long as the developer gets creative with the gameplay and doesn't just shove you in repeating arena’s with the same move set and enemies.
This game looks like some Chinese dude saw the Rage 2 trailer and said "Let's make that, but it takes 50 minutes to beat" and he did. The gunplay and upgrades are quite fun, but my problem is the map making. It's really bad. It's very linear and the game turns into a horde game. The gameplay is one of the most bad-a$$ games I've ever seen, but the level design and gameplay aren't holding hands, so it doesn't play that well. This game is short even in it's early access state, and I do recommend it, but only because you can very easily take advantage of the refund policy. The game designers should design it similar to the levels of MGR for it to be 9/10.  [h1] 6/10	[/h1] 
Pros: -Looks Good -Runs like butter -Awesome combat and abilities -Costs a meal -Isn't made by EA -Doesn't use a buggy engine -No ties to Actishit  Cons: -I don't live in a time where this game is finished
This game is very impressive.  i can't believe its made by a single person.  really looking forward to where this goes!
The game has a Dark Souls bonfire in it.  10/10 - Would praise the Sun again :-)
Very enjoyable, and had great combat!
This game is a shining example of a one-man development team creating an incredible experience. This episode only took me about 30 minutes to complete but I was thoroughly engaged with every minute. The gameplay loop is refreshing and intense, it feels like a wild amalgam of Tomb Raider, Doom, and Dark Souls (inb4 ThIs Is ThE dArK sOuLs Of ShOoTeRs). Very basic puzzle solving and translations can be a bit awkward but none of that takes away from the experience.  9/10 - Go shoot some things
One word: amazing I haven't played a shooter that felt this fresh and different, yet solid and well polished in forever, Even the balance and the composition of the first episode were simply perfect. Plus the combination of abilities and shooting mechanics blended into each other in a way I have never experienced before. Easy recommendation
You just started with "free to play" CounterStrike? Then you might not know what FUN in a FPS shooter is. Try this to get an idea of what a fun FPS game should feel like. If this is really a "one man job" as some sites say (search for Zeng Xiancheng) , then it's great or the Unreal kit has improved quite a lot. Not much of a story but very smooth game mechanics.  One of the gems in Early-Access, well worth its price. All thumbs UP!
[h1]Faith in Early Access games Restored![/h1]  [quote]  This game is pretty amazing, the Chinese Studio behind this game has done a great job. it's a completely unique experience. it might have some resemblance to other games such as "Quantum Break, Dishonored, Call of Duty, Devil May Cry and more" but at the end it's not them.  the combats are interesting and gun handling and aiming is smooth, exactly what Call of Duty gun handling feels like in BO3.  About optimization, no problem at all, frame rate is solid. graphics are beautiful as well.  when you first install this game, the language "might" be Chinese but you can easily change it to "English" in the settings.  overall, I totally recommend this game whether or not you liked any of those I mentioned above. the price is reasonable and it's too good for an Early Access Title.  [/quote]  [h1]10/10 totally worth it[/h1]  [url=https://steamcommunity.com/groups/HotCake]Check out HotCakeX Group for more Awesome reviews[/url]
Really awesome game design/mechanics. The only criticism I have is ultrawide support. Perhaps this can be solved with FOV settings, but I almost puked playing this.
Good
Titanfall made in china for $7
Interesting Gameplay and mechanics
Very nice game with a good gunplay and kick ass abilities. I hope we will see more in the future and an english Version of the game.
After a good amount of time playing the game i can say that:  It's awesome! You should get it for sure!  The story Might be short, But the features are insane, The graphics is quite good. By one dev. all of this..  Majestic.
You Are Not Dark, You Will Be Bright 100/100
If the second episode is pay, I will not pay the second time. Therefore, waiting for content from the developer. Not enough 750 more episodes to see. The game is good, but not for one hour! Waiting for more from the developer. We are waiting for patches! P.S. You're doing fine! One not everyone can!!
[h1]A small little game as of yet[/h1]  It does not have a huge story it seems (well it has been rather unclear to me) and totally has several rough edges, but even despite all that I think this game is quite good. It is rather short and as people pointed out about an hour long (episode 1). I would wish for an English dubbed version at least because the subtitles tend to be rather hard to read in the heat of combat. Besides that, text is hard to read in general and I saw it overlapping several times.  Now many people have the opinion that this game combines tons of gameplay mechanics we have seen from other games and that is very likely true. To me I would say it roughly compares to Doom (2016) in the way overall the movement works, several abilities one can use during combat and Cyberpunk-ish design.   I do have to point out some issues I have with this game. It feels the UI is overloaded especially due to the huge combo meter thing and the visual around the gun itself. I found that those are quite distracting. It would be neat if the UI around the weapon would actually function as radar for enemies just to name an example of what to do with it other than being fancy.  The whole hook and long jump feels quite hard and not very satisfying. I found myself using the sword in the air a lot as it gave me huge airtime while cutting down the enemies. I would wish for a traditional double jump system to accomplish similar height and a more dynamic hook onto objects.  Enemies clearly are bullet sponges and I would hope for weaker enemies too. The health indication was very unclear to me. Sometimes it was like I am being a Juggernaut other times I feared for my life for seemingly no reason. I like the idea of having small puzzles here and there. I played the whole game and all of the 4 deaths happened due to me checking out the area which resulted in getting me into death zones which seemed fine to access at first. Or the fact that the long jump only extends the jump itself but falling down and jumping does not work even tho it feels like one uses a jetpack.  Movement is not perfect for the abilities. Example is the sword which requires you to use the E button so you cannot fully use WASD which slashing down your enemies. Also I have found that the sword abilities with the scroll wheel are not quite trigger happy. I think for the sword it would help to be more of a toggle kind of thing so that gun control swaps to sword control and you simply use the mouse. This would work great with a sword that loses the charge if you attack over time as it is currently in the game.  Gunplay is okay but not the craziest thing I have ever seen. It seems the shotgun is quite weak tho. I clearly missed a grenade. Now if we get a Titanfall2 movement here I would be totally being blown away.  It probably seems like I think bad about the game, which is not the case. It would be my OKAY game for how it is. What makes this game really great as many point out is that few people are involved into making this. In fact, one person developing this so far. Maybe that changed already?  The game as it stands is not bad and can clearly be extended upon. The current version of the game needs more polish to get into the direction of "perfect" game plus way more playtime. As it stands this game is Early Access and delivers more working features than several other Early Access games.   As it stands I will not refund the game even if I could. It would be a pretty shitty move and I would like to see where this developer will take his development here. You should not buy this game to buy a game. In this case you should buy the game in order to fund the work that has gone into it so far.
So far from what I have seen, Bright Memory is looking to be a very promising game. The graphics are smooth, and the gameplay is fantastic. I can't wait to see more from the developer. Keep up the good work!
[b]Unimportant story, awesome gameplay.[/b]  Pro: -Sick combat -Really good graphic and effects -120 fps without problems  Contra: -A bit too short -Bad voicing  Can't wait for episode 2.
good game ever on my live, everyday i was search game like this and ai got this
不得不说, 剧情跟屎一样 走着走着就掉回到了之前来过的地方是什么鬼设定 打击感很棒, 但是用光剑按E, 你就没法按D没法往右走(可能是我按键方式有问题 [spoiler] 所以R6一直学不会peek [/spoiler] 建议考虑改成按住滚轮, 或者改成切换模式 技能无法释放建议加个提示音 按键提示距离近了才能触发, 像我这种莽夫一般都是还没看见就一头栽进坑里(其实这是QTE 每过一关子弹自动增加???建议加个过场动画  ============= 剧情 -1000 配音 -10 国产+10 单人开发+10000 ------------------- 总共+9000 (〃'▽'〃)
This game blows my mind and i lovve it !!! i cant wait play on episode 2 ..  support to him becsue one person  did make all design .. no crew or no team .. so amazing a game
like bulletstorm but everyone goes jing jo bing xe dong
Pretty damn good, only nitpicks for me are lack of custom keybindings and controller support (understandable for an early access)
This game is a diamond in the rough.I hope dev will add some type of arena mode with waves of enemies like Bloody Palace in DMC.More replayability is always welcome!
Actually I didn't expected this game to be so good, since this game is developed by only one chinese guy. But I have to admit it was really fun while playing this game :D
I was a bit skeptical about buying this at first, since I was told there is only about an hour's worth of gameplay where it's currently at, but I would say for now that it is worth it since there is a lot more content planned.   So far, the game has amazing gunplay with a fair amount of swordplay mixed in, and switching on and off between them is smooth and seamless. This game and it's high quality graphics are also absolutely beautiful just to look at, from the caverns in the mountains to the blood-stained forests. The game is being developed soley by one person, which just looking at the game, is absolutely mind-blowing.    Obviously, being an early access game, there is still a lot of balancing out to do, bugs to fix, etc, so here is some of my feedback for the dev(s) so far so they can take it into consideration while tweaking things about the game - It is really hard to tell where your HP is at until you're almost dead. - The music, while great, doesn't really feel like it matches the current playable area's environment  (edit) The dev making this game is definitely paying attention to reviews and feedback, cause within a week of me initially posting this review, they tweaked most of the things I said something about in my feedback so that they weren't much of an issue anymore.   For an early access game though, this is already really structurally intact. I didn't encounter any major or game breaking glitches while playing; the game ran consistently at 60fps at max graphics settings, and it only crashed once.   At it's current state, I give the game a solid 8/10. Really looking forward to watching this game's development as it progresses, there's a lot of potential here and I really hope it gets put to good use.
This shit is bananas.
This game is one of the best I have ever played, I consider this game one of my Favorites.  I have played it and finished it like 5 times already and still keep playing.  I'm anxiously waiting for the rest of the episodes.  Awesome game guys, just how I like them.
Awesome game.. keep it up
FOLLOW THE FLY SNAKE.
Graphics are GORGEOUS!! Gameplay is Fluid and Superb. Story so far is quite well. Im blown away with this game even if it is just under an hour of gameplay so far.
So far I would call this an easy Devil May Cry w/ high tech weapons. It looks really good and handles well. Wish we could change keybinding since clicking shift to dodge + ASD keys while still melee-ing is more difficult than what it has to be (you could instead just bind dodge to one of the extra buttons on your mouse instead).  It is super short (took me less than an hour for first playthrough), but it is a $7.00 early access game that has lots of space for expansion in the future. I haven't tried the continue + yet, but it seems totaly worth another playthrough or two even as things are now. Short, but very much worth the money
Really loving the mechanics to this game and can see the potential!
I. LOVE. THIS. GAME.  Cheeky developer and that Dark Souls Reference UvU   Really expecting the full game! ^ ^
Potential game,   1. The style combining FPS with actions 2. Blood, nice. 3. Graphics, okay 4. Face expressions need more work (Not a big problem) 5. Just fix the right click aim sounds, i can made that sound even during the short clip movie.  6. Giving more obvious signal to guide the way could be better :) .  Expecting to play the next episode, keep it up! :3
I enjoyed it, for the price I had fun and liked what I played though.    The things I liked: fun combat, great graphics, good combat music, cute waifu.  Bad: less than an hour of playtime right now until he adds more (and this is a game in development), the voice acting is fully chinese (currently), the story (what little there is, isn't so great yet).  I did enjoy it but I think this game is very much so a case of "this could be something great in the future" rather than "this is amazing right now"
nice game! keep up the good work!!
For $7 and an hour (being generous) of gameplay, I'd say they got this one in the bag. Enjoyable game, minimal bugs (had two wall hangers). Between the graphics, gameplay, and what is exposed of the storyline, I give this a 7.8/10 for Early Access status. Good job to the developer!
So I bought this with the hope that it would be, as has been said before, Bulletstorm- and DMC-like - and I wasn't disappointed, it played more or less like that, I was quite happy with it even as early-access and being short as hell. Gameplay is hella fun when you get the right combination of gunplay and abilities going, such as with the level boss. This has a bright future ahead of it.  However, there are some things I'd like to see happen, and I hope the developers check these reviews because I think its important:  - the ability to use the Q-hookshot ability shouldn't be limited to specific points on the map, I think the gameplay would be amazing if I could hookshot myself up a wall to gain higher ground and shoot downward, that kind of thing, think Titanfall.  - reboundable keys: I found the L-shift dodge to be incredibly awkward, at least for me, I'm usually someone who uses L-Alt for that sweet thumb action, but I couldn't rebind it. Also, on that dodge thing, FORWARD DODGE!! I couldn't tell you how may times I was hit because I couldn't dodge ahead of me, only to the side or backward.  - similar to rebinding, I think forcing me to repeatedly press E to use the sword and Mouse Wheel Up-Down to switch its attack styles is awkward as heck. Why not have a dedicated key to bringing out the sword, and Mouse 1 and Mouse 2 to switch styles, so I'm not confusing myself on which key to use between gunplay and swordplay.  I realize this is all keyboard centric but as an FPS game as well, I prefer mouse and keyboard, and the game can work perfectly fine with it even as-is. Just some slight tweaks to make it even better.
I don't think it's a 96% but I do think it's worth the price. It runs pretty good at 1440P with a 1080 Ti & 8700K. But if I bump the resolution to 4K, I can't mantain 60FPS.  Anyhow, a single person made this game and that just adds to the very authentic feeling that the game has. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zp8HOkwo3hk&feature=youtu.be
Its an okay game, abit too difficult for my liking though
Impressive, not gonna lie. Now I want to try Shadow Warrior.
10/10 Bonfire lit
Very Refreshing, Absoulutely recommend it, Gorgeous Voice Acting, Good Graphics, and intresting Story, very promising game.   This game is a mix of FPS = Darksouls = Fruit ninja = Tomb raider  Why?   Go check it out yourself, you will be amazed. 9/10
nice game. look forward to episode 2
If you liked Shadow Warrior you will like this game
It's a good game so far, IMO, if they can improve on : [list]     [*]The optimization     [*]Overall interaction with the environment     [*]A good story ofc [/list] The combat system is extremely fun and satisfying, accept that i hate the dodge key. it would be good if they can set dodge as a seperated key instead of Ctrl + D or A.
This game is AMAZING. I can't believe it's made by one guy - keep up the great work.
The only thing I wanna complain here is the voice acting. Oh it's cringe to me for some reason. Gameplay and graphic wise, 7/10.
It's a great game with a great future! I wait for Episode 2 and i buy it if i hear about it. + great graphics great gameplay - great mechanics - cool maps - nice boss mechanics (mostly the last boss) but...  - - the bosses are too easy (i think becouse I'm good in Dark Souls 3 XD) - Chinese and if they talk when im doing somethin eg. fighting or parkouring. I can't read subtitles. So please! add english voice!  that's all. It's a great game and respect that there was only one guy who made that game :) ! Peace
Great game, but this version is too short. I finished it in 40 minutes or so: https://youtu.be/iUvsgkcn6kI. Waiting for full version!
Dark Souls, DooM, Tomb Raider?, Devil May Cry, and Call of Duty: Advance Warfare are the concepts I've seen while playing this game. Well...the Episode 1 was around 40mins - 1hr story gameplay but its quite fun to play. After you finish the game you may repeat the story with a skin (You may receive a skin for your character after you finish the game in first place). Give it a try~
After a single playthrough, I'm amazed. Here's some conclusions.  The Pros are:  1. great optimization for such a small team 2. good graphics & SFX 3. solid character/enemies design 4. ok gameplay  And the Cons are: 1. extremely short experience. 60mins for my first playthrough. 2. Tutorial for skills are somewhat lacking 3. BAD voicing, I mean BAD, cringely BAD 4. mediocre map & level design. It could be frustrating in some places because of grappling hook are often not available at places where they should be, this results in constant death by falling. 5. Enemies are repetitive even for such a short experience.  Overall, it's always good to see independent dev doing amazing games, espeically in Chinese indie game market, which basically doesn't exist. The integration of Chinese mythos is good touch, would like to see more lores behind that!  FYQD，好样的！
DMC+Time Splitters+Quantum Break= AMAZING!!!
This game blows my mind, the gameplay is amazing, Zeng Xiancheng you are a legend,
Im in love  Overall is amazing,i mean come on its only one guy doing this better than *you know who* company 10/10 Can't wait for the next one
The price is pretty steep for the about of content you get tbh, but what's there is honestly compairable to AAA titles.  The action has an exellent flow to it that only gets better as you level, weapons feel good though a bit anemic sounding, and the spectical fighter-esque combo counter is a nice touch. There is an obvious mix early access and chinese dev jank present, but I honestly think it's pretty minimal.  It's great for the hour or so you get to play, and the promise of more to come has me eagerly waiting, but wait for either updates or a sale.
This game is the starting point of something great. The music set the scene the whole time your tense, enemies coming at you around every turn while you trek hostile land. The combat can take some getting used to but once you do its addictive as hell.   Is the playthrough short yes for $7 that can seem pricey but look at it as an investment into a quality game that hopefully continues to grow.  I can’t wait for ep 2. 
Short? yes but is fun to replay and try some new things but id still say only 3-4 hours of gameplay and then come back once in a while. Combat is extremely fun and fluent and the game looks stunning. For 7$ i think its worth it
short but intense, the feel of power in this game are real, and for a game developped by only one guy (FYQD) this is awesome, need the episode 2 now
so impressive this guy did this game by himself, i really enjoyed the fast pace combat although it is buggy some times but pushing past that i cant wait to see what comes next.
This game is literally under 5 dollars/  You pay more on your shitty McDonalds that you are eating right now.  The episodes are short, but there are more episodes coming.  Right now, you are paying under 5 dollars to have an amazing time, less than a hooker so yes its probably a great idea to buy this game since this game will last you longer than you do.  
Pretty good for 1 DEV. Curious to see where it goes.
It's really good buy it
Even though only 30 minutes are released right now. I love the concepts and the feel to the game. The difficulty is about right on point for standard. I hope this game gets publicity and this game takes off because I do like the feel of it.
I can't wait for Ep 2 :D , amazing game :D
DMC meets Doom and it's glorious
Interesting game to say the least. Amazing graphics. Everything was smooth. It was fun in the short time i had. Will be playing again once more comes out. (Also, putting this here. Lots of flashing lights)  One thing to note is the fast pace of this. You are literally thrown into a part of the story. The weapons are great and powerful, but i gotta say you get pretty much overwhlemed. Every monster is going for you and there are like 10 monsters or so, 5 at least all in a small cramp room as they all hold shields and spears. If you plan to play this game, i recommend to kill the small guys off before the boss. Otherwise you might be speared in the back and killed. It's also so satisfying to kill the enemies.  Otherwise i say this game is great. In my opinion this game is fun but lacks in some things, like the animation. Pay to close attention and you'll see some stiff movements. But hey, who am i to judge. This game is after all, an early access and created by one guy, by these standards this is amazing. This game shows amazing potential.
If this really is one developer working on this game, I have to say it is one AMAZING developer, this game plays so smoothly and so simplistic, and has such a fun feel to it. The controls are quite responsive, and the fighting styles are definitely way outside of this world but this game is VERY well done. I agree there isn't much story to it, but that doesn't mean it doesn't hold its own as a game. I have to say the special abilities I have used so far are highly useful for avoiding attacks and getting sick triple S type combos for a higher score. All in all I think this guy definitely has some amazing talent, and if he had a team behind him he could make this into a full fledged game rather then episodes at a time.
Hey I liked it, Super short at the moment but the game has potential to become a [u]fun[/u] game that you play when you're burned out from "competitive games".
I thought it would be a "well, let's try it." game. I'd consider the state currently to be alpha - well, maybe public alpha. It plays through very well, did have to restart a couple of times due to some enemies glitching into a wall; though if you pay attention to the "this doesn't work" messages, it's good. There are some jarring moments where the "tractor" - more commonly "grappling hook" mechanic aren't quite as expected; could be a pacing problem.  I look forward to how this will develop.  [and a note for FYQD - I'd gladly help with translations]
So, um. About that next episode ey?
The game I've been looking for years
So far so good. Instantly reminded me of Doom and DMC when I was fighting a bunch of monsters. Badass gameplay mechanics and execution. Would be even crazier if we were given more skills to juggle monsters. Would recommend.
Really fun game, can't wait to see more!  This game got my full support.
Its fckg sick.
kek
Really good and fun game, this game has so much potential. Would play this game so many times. Its shor but for a 7$ game I would really recommend
I don't usually write reviews but this game deserves a thumbs up, Absolutely stunning single dev game.
The game has stupid amounts of potential and yeah it sucks its so short but my god im excited for whats next
Bonefire lit
Very good game. Super engaging and a lot of fun. The Gameplay Mechanics and Abilities are insanely fun and rewarding to use and the bossfights are also more exciting than in many other games. I wanted to try a second run for a few fights to check out all the other unlocked abilities and I just could not stop playing until i beat it again and it was almost as fun as the first time... As to the price discussion, I can only say: I spent almost 2 very engaging hours with this game and paid around 6 bucks for that. While I do not consider the "price per hour" as "cheap" I do very much think it was worthwhile, even if there are no further Updates for Episode 1 and I have to buy every single one seperate. A triple-A game also has only about 10 times the story coupled with 10 times the price while most are nowhere near as engaging and fun as this game. I personally really like it and I am very much impressed that this game was created by a single genius developer in his lonesome. I can´t fathom his talent, nor the effort he put in, to make this game as fun as it is. Thank you very much for making this game!
its really a great game can't wait  for ep2
I just bought and played it and its awesome!  Pro: Fair fights, easy to use abilities, good looking and strong enemies, good graphics, understandable translation  Contra: too low ammo (for me :D), 1 graphic bug, too short, wierd translation, thats it (I had to think really hard about the contras)  I love this alpha and I'm hyped for the real game!
Bright Memory - Episode 1 / Early Access   [u] SPECS: [/u]  - GTX 1080 TI - Intel Core I7 8700k 3.7 GHZ - 16 GB RAM -  [h1] First things first. This game was made by one individual. Do not buy this game expecting a triple A experience. This is the only episode currently released at this time 1/15/2019. The creator has already claimed he will be releasing more soon. [/h1]  [h1]Pros:[/h1]  - [b]Combat[/b]: The combat is really fun once you get the jist of it. Pulling off combos left and right while dashing and stopping time is pretty awesome. It is a mix of Shadow Warrior and Titanfall 2. Shadow Warriors quick combat movements with Titanfall 2 technology. This is honestly the best part of the game.  - [b]Graphics[/b]: Graphics are pretty nice. Not DICE nice but for what Unreal Engine can push, It is pretty cool.  - [b]Optimization[/b]: Game runs very smooth even with everything going on screen.   - [b]English Menu and Subs.[/b]: Though the dialouge is in chinese, Everything else is set to english. You don't have to worry about going into the settings and changing the language if that is one of your concerns.   [h1] Cons: [/h1]  -[b]Story[/b]: Not much of a story, Something is there but he obviously worked more on the combat but then again, This is only Episode 1, More will obviously come in the future.   -[b]Playtime[/b]: The game is only about 30 minutes long, Ends right before things are suddenly getting interesting too.  -[b]Bugs[/b]: The bugs are frequent in this game, Not many but some are funny to just to watch like a enemy who refuses to attack you even though he is next to you.  [h1] For Achievement Hunters [/h1]: Some bugs reside within some of the achievements as well. One for instance is Sharpshooter.  Finally, I'd like to thank the creator for all the time he put in. It is a fun game to play and I hope he releases more content soon.
+ Fly Snakes + Fun combat and combo system + Pretty Damn Good Graphics + Nice Music + Platforming  + https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1625515563 + Chinese Translations that makes no Sense  + Nausea and Epileptic Seizures + Ragdoll Physics that looks stupid  TBH haven't really encountered that much bugs
Buggy, messy and short. But it looks and feels good. Core mechanics innovative for FPS and just works great. This is absolute fun to play and it's ubelivable that this is one person project.
[b]  [/b]
I was expecting to play this, finish it within an hour and then refund it. But holy hell this was a lot of fun! It's actually surprised me how much I enjoyed this game, after finishing it I was left longing for more. It's a bit rough around the edges, but that's to be expected, my experience playing this game was really smooth. I encountered 2 bugs; an enemey spawned in mid air and couldn't do anything, and the first boss's movement animations locked up and it was briefely just sliding around the floor before fixing itself which gave me a good chuckle.  The music was jammin, the graphics looked really nice, no idea what was happening story wise, but the gameplay was so hecking fun that I didn't care. Also the MC is rather easy on the eyes which is always a plus.  8/10 would light bonfire again.
it is awesome  I wish you success
I can barely make a sandwich and someone made this alone; talk about pathetic and impressive all at once.
Way too short but hell yeah it is awesome! Fast combat Epic grapichs JUST AWESOME!
"Bonfire Lit" - 11/10 IGN  The gameplay is fast paced and satisfying smooth, the graphics look pretty good,  it's a bit short atm but it's still early access so more content is coming.  If you like anything like Shadow warrior, Devil may cry or Bulletstorm try this game its worth it
The initial impressions online are spot on.  It's like first person DMC-light w/ a bit of Bulletstorm sprinkled in.  The story is wholly and completely hammy and nonsensical with a heavy layer of chees--wait, the developer is Chinese and likely genetically lactose intolerant... may be a heavy layer of XO醬, or whatever cultural equivalent.  OK, the analogy is dying.   Sounds like the dev is very invested in the game and will be putting out new chapters.  For the price of an expensive Starbucks drink, you get a few solid hours of gameplay out of this incomplete first chapter.    Do remember that this is EARLY ACCESS.  A small degree of jank is kind of expected (end-of-battle triggers are buggy at the moment; just reload the checkpoint). At present, ultrawide support is missing, but just turn your monitor aspect ratio to 1:1 and set the resolution to 1920x1080 and put the game in windowed mode, and the game won't look stretched out.  It sounds like ultrawide and FOV will be implemented eventually when he gets around to it.    It's a one-man-team with a full time job who's working on this on the side, BTW, so please give the guy some time.    TOTALLY RECOMMENDED.  Looking forward to the author's future work on this title.  Sounds like chapter 1 will be completed this year with future chapters to follow.
Now it only come with first episode which can finish within around 30mins And it will keep update and the process become faster as more ppl giving support on it. This expience during playing is good. I love this style of graphic, and the high-tech weapon and background. The shooting experience is great. The only thing I want to complain is the foes, using high-tech against wild animals and cave man, it is quite weird and developer should think about the balance on it. And it is from 1-man studio which is highly impressive me.  The scenario is amazing. Gaming experience is remarkable. Maybe the price isn't match the length of game now but I think it will eventually suit it. 
This game is so fun and fast that it's so impressive that one person can do all of this on his off time. It is short, but it is also an  early access game that the developer has said that he'd be adding more to later. Even with it being short I still want to comeback to it just to mess with more combos and can't wait for more to be added to the game. Anyone that appreciates fast pace actioned pack fps character action game then this is right up your alley. For this price I think the game is a steal.
a hell yeah for the lone soul that made this gem...
> > >  B O N F I R E   L I T  < < <
I don't know what i just played, but let me tell ya it was a rush of a time. First the amazing music and gun play reminded me of Doom which is good. Then entering a Dark Souls world with Dark Souls like boss's and even with a DS easter egg !. Also getting to get that DMC vibe with the blade and gun fighting. I can tell its a huge fan of those series and makes a story and fun game of its own. Lastly a strong and awsome waifu to lead the charge.   Easily 9/10 Highly reccomended, will be purchasing every ep in the future. AAA companies this is how you make an awesome game.
Nicely done! the action sequence is tight and well designed. questions: How will the lore be provided? Since there isn't any interactions with NPC (voluntarily) or usage of any of the items that are in the games so far. also how long have this part been in development? 动作方面做的非常有效，很难得现在还能看到这么有感的Action游戏了。点火只是为了致敬？还是游戏内真的有用？游戏的背景故事，游戏内部的物品解释，以及游戏内部的一些探索方面后续会加？ （剧情貌似有些老套，不过期待你们的发展！）加油！
this game is only made by one person
This game is honestly a lot of a fun and I would highly recommend that anyone who's a fan of high-action FPS games (like DOOM) pick it up or at least keep an eye on it. It seems to be made by one person and for that it's made even more impressive. It's short, about 30-45mins, but I think it was worth the price and I replayed it couple of times just becasue I wanted more.   However it does have its flaws. It's not super polished in terms of animation and suffers from a lot of engrish (though it doesn't get in the way of the gameplay). Mechanically the platforming can feel a little clunky at times and the reloads on all the guns only give you ammo after the entire animation is complete; so there's no animation canceling like in most modern shooters.  Oh, and it's got a Dark Souls reference so that bumps it up a few points.
Shadow Warrior gameplay meets Overwatch abilities = pure fun!
สนุก ยิงกันเลือดสาด BGM สนุกดี รอ Episode ต่อไปครับ
Very nice.   It felt like playing Shadow Warrior 2013 but with more cutscenes and mobility. Bright Memory cutscenes felt like they're straight from DmC: Devil May Cry; the way the character looks ahead to see hordes of enemies spawning. Another thing from DmC is the platforming sections because the game uses double jumps and grapple hooks. I liked what I paid for the quality, and I read the dev will deliver the quantity at a later date (But this episodic system is killing me). There are some minor issues, but I'm sure they will be fixed. Wouldn't be too disappointed if they're not though....   [spoiler] I was also thinking, about 3DRealms' Bombshell when I was playing this (female protagonist, upgrades on the wrist). If 3DRealms wasn't so incompetent they could've made a similar fps game like this for Bombshell. However, stuck in their old ways and making games built from nostalgia it seems very unlikely[/spoiler]
I think this game has a lot of potential! The fights were fun and I like the music! Gameplay is pretty decent, could use some refinements such as upgrades for the sword and the guns. I noticed Ep1 Week 2 on the screen after I beat it, so I'm going to check that out later this week to see if there's still more.
This game is absolutely GORGEOUS. The graphics are stunning, the environment is well thought-out, and the gameplay is smooth as butter. Fluid combos and a non-stop storyline make time fly when playing the game and it is far too easy to lose yourself in it. I cannot wait for the next episode to be released and I am honestly proud to support this guy. He is bringing back what gaming should be instead of the crap that we've been getting from major studios now-a-days. The is a little bit flashy which makes it a bit easy to lose some of the smaller enemies mid combat and some of the grapple uses glitch out occasionally, but overall it is a phenominal game. Hands down 10/10, especially considering it was basically one guy who made the entire thing.
Provided you aren't appallingly bad at FPS's, you'll beat this game in 30 to 40 minutes on your first run through.  That said, for a one-man project this is truly amazing. The combat is fast and fluid, and the graphics are stunning considering this isn't a triple A game by any means. My biggest criticisms have to be the weapon sound design, and enemies.   Your guns and abilities just sound comically weak. this is most notable with the shotgun, which sounds like a supressed BB gun or something. The enemies, while nice to look at, are ultimately very simple. Almost all of the melee enemies exclusively conga line towards you, while most of the ranged ones are just content to sit in place, occasionally moving if they can be asked. Without getting two spoiler heavy, the two bosses in this game are both melee based, and both can be absolutely cheesed with one certain ability you can get relatively early on. Even without cheesing them, the bosses never evolve past just running up to you and taking a swing, so it's not like you ever really need to cheese them.   Another minor criticism is the translation. It's not awful, but it's got a noticeable amount of errors in it.   That all said, the game's fast paced combat and cinematic style more than make up for its shortcomings. I'm eager to see what future updates for this game will bring, as clearly the dev has talent.
Gib dis guy some moniez. He did amazing job!
I had no idea what was happening the whole time but it was awesome
very nice
Really fun mix of Bulletstorm and Shadow Warrior with some goofy mis-translations that only add to the charm.  It is however very very short and you can beat it within an hour.
Never thought that I'd have fun playing a singleplayer game worth 1 hour (At this moment). Saw this one in the top sellers and wondered why it was gaining so much attention. You probably know by now that this game is developed by one dude and based on my gameplay experience am very impressed. Fast paced shooting with fun abilities to complement them. Juggling enemies in first person doesn't get old. A solid buy for 7 bucks. Would've paid more if there were other game editions or something. Can't wait for the future of this game.
COOL GAME BRO
FUCKING AWESOME
GG
It's short, and very much more of a proof of concept than a game, but it is very much worth the price. In my 1.7 hours I completed 3 playthroughs and got all 12 achievements, for reference.  There are a few spots where the game could do better, movement can be a bit clunky at first and there's no rebinding keys yet, but it's still a ton of fun and worth it to check out. In my time playing I encountered a minimal amount of bugs, the only remotely bad one was getting stuck in the floor and needing to reload a checkpoint (which was set pretty much 3 seconds prior, nothing lost). Aside from that, I encountered my guns not appearing until swapped after a cutscene, and cooldowns won't show if you pause and then unpause, nothing major. If you've got the money to spare, I recommend giving this game a shot, or you can opt to wait until there's a bit more to do. Either way, Bright Memory as it is currently stands as a testament of what a single person with a bit of passion can do.
If you like Devil may cry you will probs like this game. Its worth the few dollars you spend for it.
Good lord I haven't played a game this good in a while. Dispite the few bugs I encountered it was nothing but an amazing experience. I am really looking forward to how the series will progress.   Incredible game, I only wish there was more of it.  Buy. It. Now.
My friend was interested in this game so I thought I would check it out. I am very happy that I did. It is very different from other shooters I have played, and quite a breath of fresh air. It is very fast paced and smooth. It did take a little to really get into the feel of the controls, as I am use to playing this type of game with a controller, but after I did it was loads of fun. You have multiple different skill to use and gunplay is fun as well. You can level up and get new skills as well. There are boss fights that funny enough made me feel like I was playing a FPS version of Dark Souls. The story is ok so far but the gameplay is the best part by far. It is early access so don't expect it to be very long right now. It took me about an hour to beat but you can go back and restart with progress kept, kinda like new game plus. The dev said he plans on making about three episodes but it sounds like you will get the full game if you invest in it now by buying it in early access. For sure worth checking out if you want to help the dev out and get to try a very promising game!
AMAZING, thats all i can say, its short (for now, it IS episode 1 yet) and in development stage of course (early acess) but boy oh boy what it can already do its AWESOME, loved the mechanics, the powers having to charge up was a cool addiction, i mean if you are all powerfull all the time it gets borring, having to wait for some powers to charge during a fight increases a lot in the strategic department, the combat is very fluid, i hope in the future it will allow the use of a controller (personal preference) and to change the game keys (not yet implemented, but it IS in development, so its understandable), i did not find any bugs yet (my friend had a weird bug where his rifle just started shooting by itself until he changed weapons, but i had none yet), the translation has some mistakes, but again, understandable as of yet. the price is ridiculously low, you are getting a great game for a very cheap price, yes, may be too short for some, but the price is WAY worth it. In general, AWESOME game, LOVED IT, CANT WAIT to see how it will turn up when completly done. GREAT WORK DEVELOPERS, KEEP IT UP ^-^
- Gameplay, soundtrack 10/10  - its 1st person devil may cry + bulletstorm+shadow warrior - Chinese voice acting  10/10  - looks like a kung fu movie - Story 10/10 - Cute girl with advanced hi-tech armor needs to destroy evil soldier corporation that unleashed chaos on earth with big monsters in Alaska - Dark Souls Bonfire 10/10 - Slap in the face of ea/activision/bethesda = YES - this game was made by like one person and its better than their games as service
actually really good
My screen keeps flashing green in-game and I dont know why :/
Couldn't beat off to anime tiddy because I had to keep both hands on the keyboard to play this absolute thrill ride of broken English, bad platforming, but very enjoyable (albeit stiff) combat.   But I like this, fix what's here and expand on it, and you'll have a solid game. 
No maintenance pad !!!
has a shadow warrior vibe but so much better  honestly get it whilst it's on sale, 5euros well spent - and it leaves you wanting more - would definitly reccomend, see massive potential for an arena // bloody place sort of action
I really recommend this game. Considering it was made by one person and its fair price its a good deal. Its an Early Access but the combat is already very satisfactory and fun. The game itself is very fast paced with small puzzles here and there. Definetely give it a shot. And props to FYQD Studio! :)
This needs to be a bigger game! The way it translates Devil May Cry into first-person is exhilarating. Can't wait to continue playing - and see this kind of action in a fully-fledged (read: longer) title later on!
Short but awesome. Feels like first person division gunplay with a cool story and good graphics.
A true masterpiece, some of the best FPS action out there at this time. It's fast, visceral, brutal and very satisfying. Watch the full 4 minute review below. This is definitely a thumbs up:  https://youtu.be/thVjyDyKTCU
Absoloutly fucking great, solid fps mechanics, fun gameplay and gorgeous graphics. Has some rough edges but overall worth your money.
Short but sweet.  Glad to support talented people like this.   Minus: Game took me under 30min to beat. Plus: Loved every minute.
Holy shit ! This is the most fun I have ever had with an early access game . Its google translatet but that makes it more fun lol . Shadow warrior but fun
Grammer isn't great. (As expected coming from a single dev from China) The voice acting could use some work. But apart from that you've got yourself a solid FPS game right here.  
+ Fly snake + Satisfying, fresh combat + Incredible work for a single person - Short - A bit dodgy translation but you get the gist Worth the money but keep in mind that it plays a bit like an extremely good demo
You want to play all those cool games the future holds? Youd better start learning chinese right now.
Holy crap good job!  If you're looking for a fast paced shooter with an arcade style, then this is it. I just wish it was a little longer.  Pros: Game looks amazing Well optimized Gameplay (both melee and shooting) feel very fluid Definitely replayabe  Cons: Too easy. I died twice, both times because I fell off the stage Can't customize key bindings, but they're basic FPS controls so not a big issue Can be beating in less than 30 mins through first run  For $8 (CAD) this is definitely worth a pickup and hopefully the developer will continue working on this.
Amazing game!!  For a solo developer to make something very enticing with stunning graphics and boss fights is amazing However i do have to say the boss fights are a little too easy especially the second boss it almost feels like its just you shooting at a wall over and over but besides that the game is very well made and can run really well on a medium pc so would recommend this game
Definitly worth the 5 bucks. Let's see how much this baby improves with next episodes. Really suprised how good they got the combat system. Needs a bot to get all the combos but then u are insanly dominating some small fries
For a small side game it is absolutely cool to see. Price is ok, especially when you want to play this little outlook a second time to score hunt or speedrun or for any other reason. Very impressive..
Very promising at the moment. Nice gameplay, and good visuals. Kind of Painkiller'ish-shadow warrior high-tech game, and I like it. Will await full game in the future.
DMC/Shadow Warrior/Tomb Raider fusion thing. It plays well, the mechanics work well but could use some adjusting here and there. Obviously polish cause Early Acess. This game is impressive, very fun. Immersive with the HUD style. Took me 40mins to finish but it was good. Looking forward to the rest of it.
Small game from a small dev. This game has a shitload of potential to be something really unique and amazing. Mixing in the gunplay of modern 1st person shooters with the style and action of a Devil May Cry game and even some puzzle elements too!   This is another Lost Soul Aside situation where this game looks great and has a great foundation for its gameplay, lore and world. But lacks the big AAA support from a company like insomniac or Square Enix.   The gameplay is solid with a few nagging things here and there but its nothing to take away from the core experience.  I hope people support this game and help out this indie developer create something magical. I highly reccomend it as a testament to what could be achieved by such a small developer.
really rough around the edges but still an outstanding expirience, especially this cheap
Absolutely stunning single dev game. I've been following this project for quite sometime but forgot about it, what a great surprise to see it on steam early access.  Probably the most fast paced game i've played in a while. So satisfying, you feel like a god lol, the gameplay is perfect, graphics are insanely good. Now it just need more content, i really wish the best of luck to the developer because this game can become absolutely incredible.  Can't wait for more !
Holy sh*t.  This is really cool.
10/10. Yes 10 out of 10, its a "indie" game with excelent quiality.  yes, its short, but it was made by basicaly 1 guy. THATS IS IMPRESIVE !  and very fun too!  Loved the designs and ideas. And the story sounds pretty cool!  Been a while since i didnt enjoy a FPS !!!   go buy this game! make your friends buy the game. Show respect to this studio :)
well this game is sort atm but sooooooooooooooo fun most fun iv had with a shooter in ages
YES YES YES YESSS!!!!
This is a work in process game so not much of the finish product type.  Gameplay is ok.  It need Xbox 360 control feature enable.
 so first of all i was waiting to play this game years ago when it got first shown by some youtuber who shows game trailers etc etc.  after playing it a little i can recommend it to everyone who loves FPS and (DevilMayCry) / hack n'slash games games! [game got a style point system so try to get SSS ;)]  this is only episode one and its kinda short but it offers some replayability to get all the skills.  if you enjoy fast paced action games its something for you!  Keep in mind this game is made by one guy and that its early access with updates coming and more episodes which will increase the lengh of the game and maybe add more skills and weapons :)  Also its nice to see that this game got a lot of positive reviews! Great work by FYQD!
All the bad jokes aside, that Chinese are masters of mobile gaming trash. This one Chinese person really did a good work, this game feels and looks like a AAA title, controls are smooth, graphics are beautiful, gameplay is fast and full of adrenaline. Its hard to say whether gameplay will become repetitive, since now game have  only one 40 min episode.  Overall its a good game, which i highly recommend, considering its only 7$
A masterpiece , great graphics, fast gameplay, excelent music and sound overall, cant wait for more!
This is a fckin great game . That graphics, gameplay, and creatures are fckin awesome. Keep it up dev we will always support you.   Note : Sheila will be my next waifu <3
Better than recent AAA games
good graphic, shadow warrior+ DMC combat, darksoul easteregg dev update next episode, please
Really nice game, original and well polished ) Does my head around only 1 man made this game...incredible Game is like a devil may cry in First person mode. Its really fun !!! I hope the dev completes this project, its good ) My Video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BB9U_mV8iJs
I don't usually write reviews but this game deserves a thumbs up. It takes elements from multiple games like Shadow Warrior, Bulletstorm and does it right. It's a new innovative game of it's own.  The episode was a bit short (around 30 mins) but I enjoyed each and every moment of it. Hope future episodes are a bit longer with some more new abilities which would be great.  PS: I lit the bonfire !!
I don't know what to say. This one man project has done what most AAA game devs/studios cannot. I had a lot of fun playing this short introduction and as someone who does not play FPS games, I can say that I liked what I played. Yeah, there were stutters here and there and the translation could be better, but the core gameplay itself was fun!   It was like playing an FPS but with hack-and-slash elements! The BGM reminded me of DOOM and the abilities make the game unique! Not many games out there can combine the unique skills and abilities that this game has offered seamlessly. Whoever's doing this project clearly knows what they're doing and I will be glad to support them even further.  Over all: 9/10
the game is good, not best but still enjoyable, there were some cases when my character stuck when fighting the bosses, i hope there will be english dub soon,
To the dev, please get this on KickStarter/IndieGogo.  As a proof of concept this game is already so fleshed out and plays great. A solid foundation for the upcoming updates. It is short like 40 minutes, you can replay it to unlock the abilities but I like to treat my early access games like demos as to not ruin the full experience.   Combat is a mix of Bulletstorm, Shadow Warrior and a bit of DMC. It is hectic and a lot of fun. You can see that the dev loves his Dark Souls as there is even an easter egg and the bosses are noticeably Souls inspired in terms of design and art.   Give this a try and support this guy. He does this in his spare time and puts most AAA devs to shame. Can't wait for the full release, for now I'm satisfied with the product I got vs the money I spent. Well worth it.
Short and sweet! There are some great ideas in there in terms of gameplay, I can't wait to see more from the developer.
Get It Now!!  hpoing next episodes will be longer then this.
High potential game.
Looking past the frequent errors in translation, the game is an impressively innovative shooter. Bright Memory is built on an easy and satisfying combo system, mixing an assault rifle, shotgun and pistol with a projectile-launching sword. Beyond the refined mechanics behind the gunplay, the game also has an impressive amount of enemy variety. Finding new ways to tackle the challenges posed by new enemies makes the hour-long first episode consistently rewarding. Even with such a short completion time, the prospects of new episodes with even more weapons and enemies makes Episode 1 a strong recommendation.  [i]Side note: If you liked Doom (2016), buy this. I mention this because Bright Memory has a thrilling soundtrack, reminiscent of Mick Gordon's Doom OST, on top of amazing boss encounters divided by battles against hordes of grunts (much like Doom's formula).[/i]
The gameplay is intense and action packed.  If you're a fan of doom and devil may cry, get this game, please.  I'm hella fuckin' hyped for week2 to come out. This is the type of game that we needed to kick off 2019 to!
除了配音太尴尬和不能调FOV之外还是值得这个价钱和预期的
Short, but great fun.   I don't understand the story at all, since the voices are in Japanese and reading the subtitles during action sequences is pretty much impossible. There's talk about some artifact and a dead guy. Between the main character passing out every few minutes for story reasons, I was not able to follow.  You're given a few ways of attacking from the start. Three guns. An assaul rifle, some kind of low spread shotgun and a pistol. You also have a sword, which attacks at a longer distance than expected. Your sword has three different kinds of attacks: Normal slash, an X-slash kinda thing, and a ground pound that knocks enemies into the air. There are other abilities to unlock as you progress too, but I didn't get them all in my first playthrough (Took roughly 50 minutes.)  Overall the platforming sections are the weakest. I had to make use of an unlockable ability that let me float in the air while firing my assault rifle in order to get past a long jump. The combat is just SO much fun though. Dashing around, firing and slashing at waves of enemies was cathartic. I will absolutely be purchasing later episodes in this series. If the length is an issue for you, just know that you will want to do multiple playthroughs to try to beat your score, and stay as long as you can in SSS rank.
This early access beta took me about 40 minutes to beat, but I highly recommend it. The combat is already on par with Doom 2016, it doesn't have glory kills but it has very satisfying abilities.  Buy this game to help an amazing developer. From what I have heard it is mostly one guy, but he is skilled. Look at it this way, if you don't like it, you could still beat the game and be able to return it. I hope you don't do that, I expect you will like it, but it is an option if your finances are limited.
Within this game, you're playing a mix of the following things: Syndicate (2012), Doom (2016), Tomb Raider (2013), Shadow Warrior (2013), Devil May Cry, Titanfall, and even a bit of Dark souls for design wise.   Personally to me, that sounds amazing, as I enjoyed all of the previously mentioned titles.  In practice, this is a good game for what it is. However I wouldn't call it amazing.  I’ll be mainly talking about gameplay and mechanics over story/design. The story is.. Okay so far? It’s nothing impressive or nothing too interesting happens in the 30 minutes of content, but I could easily see it be expanded when more content arrives. So that could change.   With all the combinations this game has, it has many faults that come with them. I would closely compare this to a Shadow Warrior/Doom than anything else, as it's the same idea. Walk into an area with an arena style combat sequence, take em out, move onto the next with a bit of plot or guidance thrown in to get to the next fight. Throw in a bit of DMC style ranking and modern flare, and you've got this game. The most glaring faults I would have to say are the enemies, and weapons.   My problem with the enemies is the AI is decent enough, just not very unique. All melee-attacking enemies are just more of the same, walk at you and swing/claw for damage. No real variety of attacks besides an occasional dash by a boss, and the constant shift in level design throws it off of what you plan to expect in the next fight.  Weapons, while they sound and feel quite nice for an FPS game, lack a few things. Specifically damage. A lot of the enemies are bullet spongy (It felt even more so on subsequent playthroughs, but that could be my imagination) and lack much reaction to the bullet fire, besides a slight stumble backwards every now and then. Lack of dismemberment or bullet shred as well hurts any feedback of emptying a full shotgun magazine into their chest. (Despite the buckets of blood that pour out of the enemy, no real reaction is given.) The shotgun in particular felt like a Nerf gun, and begs the question why it would do so little damage compared to the rest.   That being said, the game does make up for it in the other unique aspects, such as abilities and swordplay. While not nearly as versatile or required as Shadow Warrior, it still does a decent job. However a potential problem is they are all on cooldown. While not directly harmful to the gameplay, it can make the player just want to wait and use the more powerful stun/damaging abilities rather than shooting. Which isn't down to the player’s skill, it's just down to how much time they have and want to waste just to get their abilities off.  I personally think that making the sword a more primary weapon would make this more interesting, especially with how air combat and juggling can work, it would be a lot more interesting unique in this game, compared to Shadow Warrior which had nearly all abilities  sword-wise be  charged attacks.   This also goes along with the shooting being the primary focus mixed with abilities. Reloading is a key thing, however I find that it should be more skilled than just letting your cooldown-focused attacks do the damage while you reload. I would say putting in a timed reload system (Press the button at the right time to reload faster etc.) would help alleviate this downtime between combos, and allow the player to pull off a lot more than just waiting for the animation to play out. Or also combine that with the Skill system to lower the cooldown time of abilities every successful reload press. (Without letting it be abused of course, perhaps having a strict time on it for a successful fast-reload) As all guns require the animation to fully complete, and using any skills/abilities to cancel a reload forces the user to restart the reload animation.    Movement can be a bit clunky, but compared to a few other FPS it's pretty decent. The dash is quite long in range, and combing it in air combat or just mid jump can get you a large distance away which is quite satisfying to feel that weightiness.  However it's not as smooth as it could be, one thing I found that could really assist in the movement is a slide. Sliding under crouchable areas or just doing it gunfights to help shoot airborne targets while ducking/dodging other projectiles would be really useful, and improve the speed of the combat.  The same with the dash can be said after using the Tractor ability, which puts the dash on a delay when you pull into an enemy, usually causing the player to get stuck in the air, and get hit instead of dashing away at a mad speed to keep up with the gameplay.  Along with that, the Tractor ability could be implemented for more verticality of the game, including much more air shooting/combo potential. Sure you can use it to pull yourself to an enemy, but imagine being able to swing all around mid-combat? (Specifically the fight before the final boss) It would add so much depth to things! Even if you just put a few context-sensitive hooks around the arenas, it would give a lot more variety to the combat encounters.  These are just a few ideas that I personally would love to help make the combat more fluid, and enjoyable.  That being said, you have to remember that this is one guy mainly working on all of this. It would take time to implement all those reactions and new gore system, or add and test all of these new abilities and balance tweak them. Not just that, but all the potential new content added, more bug fixes, adding other tweaks/hot fixes from other users, and planning/making more chapters down the road.   However, that also being said, I'm still a customer buying a product. An early-access product sure, but I can still tell what I would enjoy, or like to see in the future. This is still quite impressive for what it is, but not nearly polished enough, or has enough content to keep even the most die-hard fan to replay over and over. (In my 3 hours of gameplay, I was able to beat the content in the game over 7 times. My first playthrough was only 30 minutes, like a lot of people.)  But I look forward to any bug fixes or new implementations as time goes on, and I hope this project continues and gets more support.   Oh, and how can I have a style meter without a Taunt button?! Blasphemy!
The ability to get this game for $7 is awesome. The graphics are entertaining and solid, the gameplay is smooth, combat is fluid, and the abilities chain really well. It's FUN.   Resembles Shadow Warrior with updated, futuristic graphics.   Honestly not bad. Can't wait to see what else they add.
This is epic.  Still can't believe this is one man`s work. Sometimes I don't know what and why to fight but all I know is I must kill. And that's enough for me. Actions and combos are epic.  Take my money. By the way, I got trapped in the battle with the walking lizard ( where I was hit by the flash bomb) I fell into somewhere after using the downward slash and unfortunately the checkpoint is there. Everytime I load the game I die instantly.  I will start all over anyway but fix it plez.
Good game but too short. Like a DEMO!
I'm so happy a friend of mine told me about this game. YES this is a great game, with some rpg aspects to it. As of right now you can't play with a controller, but you don't really need to. I'm not that good at playing games like these with a keyboard, usually the quick movements between sword and gun mess me up when using the keyboard, but this game just does things right! I would like to see a different font/color used for the subtitles, because they do disappear if the same colors that are used for the subtitles are being used on the screen.  This is Episode 1, I hope we get waaaaaaaay more episodes in the near future, there is a newgame+, nice achievements, and some funny /bows to another game haha. I'd say get the game, have fun with it, and make the most out of it. I'm doing some crazy fun stuff after 40 minutes of playing the game. HAVE FUN WITH IT!
Amazing gameplay, beautiful graphics, interesting story so far. Gunplay feels feels great, the abilities are extremely fun to use. Combat in general is very satisfying.  Bosses are  somewhat challenging but not in a cheap way. Can´t wait for the next episode.
bit short, but good potential   only issues are:  1. controls - the dash move would be better suited by double-tapping the directional key rather than Shift+(ASD), plus for some reason all the skills in one tree are bound towards pressing F once, F+F, or F then doubletap F, instead of utilizing more keys on the keyboard. Jumping is also clunky with how its Space to jump or hold Space to jump further  2. hitmarker visuals - red hitmarker visual shows when enemy is not dead, not sure if it is indicating a headshot or kill  3. regular enemies are a bit bullet spongey  4. viewkick/sway is pretty high, though it may be by design
Gun Play: Exceptional Unique Mechanics: awesome and Fun to use Story: Not Much but enough that Im xcited for more Translations: Overal rather good, I understand the point they are trying to get across  One thing is in the cavern fight with the first big bad guy, not human or a boss, if you run to the back left corner from the entrance and walk up the wall the A.I. glitches and doesnt know what to do and just stops.  This game is great and has incredible potential, Im incredibly excited for more of it and cant wait. 8/8 was was pretty great.
This has very great potential, its face paced, and even has some fun easter eggs in it. ill gladly pay for more episodes.
oh god yes. this game has great graphics and great fighting style. the only thing it lacks is play time. you can play the time twice and refund it lol  though only a fool would refund this 40min gem  cant wait for the rest of the episodes
Even though it's only a short little demo at the moment it looks and feels great. Combat is fast paced and fluid, feels like titanfall mixed with shadow warrior. The translation's a little janky, but that's part of the charm for me! Hopefully FYQD will keep it up for the full game!
cool cool. Good game awaiting continuation..
Overall has potential. I have a few problems: AI Was buggy Interacting with the world mechanicly felt fast, but would suddenly punish you for not being slow and methodicle by braking a bridge under your feet and making you trek back. You can run out of ammo and you get bullets back by..... killing a goblin thing? A bit imersion breaking to be hit by a skelliton with a sword and then get 60 AR rounds back. I beat the game in 30 minutes.   Ill keep my eye on this game. Boss fight was fufilling and even though the translation is terrible it managed to be funny in a couple instances. I hope to see more updates from this, and if not... Eh, was only 6.99.
Has about a 30 minute play through time and some minor bugs. However, that being said I really enjoyed the first episode. I read some reviews of people not being able to get through certain points, low ammo, and the last boss. First and only time playing I didn't even come close to running out of ammo. Another guy got stuck at the gate part... turn around there is a lever behind you. Finally, to the pleb that couldn't beat the last boss upgrade abilities and use your dodge. I will say one thing that this game absolutely needs is remapping for hot keys. Direction + Shift feels kinda wonky and slows the combat down. If the dodge worked more like shadow warrior 2 or had remapping it would be way better.  Overall, the game runs smooth and had only a minor bug. Although game play is short for the first episode it is definately worth the $6 IMO
the game i very liket
Will purchase - some of the npc's have tracking issues maybe i was just moving to fast for them though.
Amazing game. Hope the developer continues with this project. My only complaint is, I wish it was longer.
this man should teach EA and Ubisoft how to make games
I'm not sure how this game works like if its not finished yet or if I need to buy the 2nd part of the game but its about 30 minutes long, however its pretty fun.
Yes.
this game is soooo fuck great
One man games are always impressive, but this takes it to new heights, the sheer level of graphical presentation is impressive alone, yet the mechanics and general feel of the game are its strongest points, the hack and slash action combat combo system blends seamlessly with the shooting mechanics, shooting feels responsive and fun, more so than some big budget AAA shooters in recent years and the addition of stand-alone abilities calls back to games like Bulletstorm.  There is a slight callback to combo and ranking systems from older hack and slash games such as DMC when tearing through mobs and I feel although it doesn't take much to reach an SS rank, it doesn't feel out of place and only adds to the immense hype and fun this game's combat can bring Watching the combat in the trailer was the source of my initial hype and the game didn't fail to keep this hype throughout. Some systems feel a little clunky at times, although its to be expected, not only of early access games but a game of this scale being produced by a single person, that said, this occasional clunk can be easily forgiven and overshadowed by its stronger aspects. All in all this game firmly sits in the "try it and see" camp, but if steam reviews are anything to go by, this game certainly is worthy of your time and the large amounts of praise it has received in its first 24 hours of release.  Sure its short, but the replayability brought by the fun of combat alone will keep me coming back, not to mention the NG+ modes adding a touch more to the longevity. I can't hesitate to recommend this to anyone who loves a fun shooter, even players of games such as DMC and Dynasty Warriors could feel at home here. This is a great taste of what is to come.  TLDR: Game fun, Game short, Bonfire lit. 
So this is an easy purchase on the bases of three things -Do you like titanfall ? -Do you like platinum style character action games ? -Are you ok with paying 7.00$ for a sick ass 45-60 minutes of game?  if these three things are all an ok for you then this is an easy purchase, games got style all over so much so that its just got a devil may cry style system during fights and an overall ranking after you complete this first episode
I cant wait to see how this game expands because this is the first game game in a long time that got me as interested and impressed as much as it has made me. Patiently waiting for the next updates will be my top priority, keep up the great work you talented dev.
An interesting mix of sci-fi and fantasy. Bright Memory has strong influences from several major franchises, resulting in something that is both familiar but also incredibly unique. I love the cooldown abilities that can be combo'd in different ways. I love the epic fantasy style bosses. I love the incredibly fast-paced gameplay. While incredibly short, I loved every minute of it.  My only complaint is that the AI for some of the bosses and enemies seem really really dumb. The final boss of the chapter spent most of his time swinging at nothing and dodging him was incredibly easy. This is easily forgiven considering that this is being developed by one dude.  Overall, this short early access demo is more innovative and fun than most full priced AAA games I have played recently.
GOTY material
This is a really good game NO joke 
This game is incredibly fun and an impressive example of what someone can pull off when they put their mind and effort towards creating something.  I had a great time going through the 1st Episode and am eagerly awaiting the next installment.  I highly recommend you check this out.
I LOVE this game and I want more!!
This game is awesome. It lacks a LOT of polish and it lacks visual feedback in terms of health of mobs and yourself, namley healthbars (I might have missed them).  The enemy design is a bit lack luster and repetitive. Im sure many of these complaints are do to the game still being worked on and a limited budget compared to big AAA companies. I look forard to what comes next.  P.S: Why was there a darksouls bonfire in this game, I might be crazy and seeing things. I was also really tired when I played this. So, ya never know.
Buy it. It's only 5,69€.
Wow, so this is the best shooter I've played since DOOM (2016). Combat is a ton of fun and has a lot more to use than just guns. You have an emp blast which sends enemies flying into the air for a short while, a leash that will rocket you towards any enemy, and a light sword with three different attacks that each have a purpose. Combat is fast, frenetic, and fun. There's also a slew of interesting upgrades that can spice up your combat style like one that lets you hover in the air by damaging enemies while airborne. The game is a little jank, that's why it's in early access, but jank is just about it. It runs wonderfully on my five year old desktop with a slew of different graphics options to make the game as pretty or performance heavy as you want. The story is, well, it's fun. The price is absurdly cheap for how fun the game is. Can't recommend the game enough.
Cool little game a bit short needs more episodes and optimization  but really cool and also done by just one person
"What if I tried to put all my favourite action-adventure-fps-arpg games into one with Chinese Lara Croft as the protagonist and make an FPS game out of it?" - said someone called FYQD.  And they actually went ahead and did it. Or at least made a demo for it that lasts and hour and costs 5 eurobucks with no guarantee that the game will be finished. However, it's still a super-fun version of that Bullestorm parody of Call of Duty at the time of writing this review. 
Pretty impressive.
Short but very fun
[h1]Video (gameplay + commentary):[/h1]  https://youtu.be/8bcMSPze3jc  [h1]Review:[/h1] Recommended!  Gonna tell you what you already know based on the other droves of positive reviews here: this game is a stylish shooter with tight controls and Devil May Cry-style sword and gun play. Decent monster mobs and fun boss fights.  Episode is about an hour long. Price is a taaaaaaad on the higher side but I sense this game has a lot of replayability and unlocks. Story is minimal. I dig it!
"BonFire"
This game is suprisingly fun. For its price it's worth the purchase. Can't wait to play the future episodes when they come out.
This game is really good, and its amazing that it was made by one person. It feels a little bit clunky, glitchy at points, but nothing that ruins the experience. It runs really well, getting around 100 FPS average on high settings with a GTX 1060 6GB. This was basically a demo for the game, and beating it in around 35 minutes, I dont know if it's really worth $7. If this ever goes on sale,  i'de definitely recommend getting it. It's a great, fun, and just awesome game.  The man behind this game is truly talented, crazy that he made this all by himself. It honestly feels better than some Triple A games.  Anyway, If you can get it a little bit cheaper, it would be more worth the price, but at the same time, I think this developer does deserve the money as he made a really great game that has alot of potential.
They should cal this game lora craft on steroid. This game is soo amazing and but high  Budget company and their trash games to shame.
This game has a huge potential, but they need to improve some mechanics and the overall optimization of the game because it looks beautiful but needs to improve performance in mid-end pc's like mine (i5 4690 - GTX 970), and also needs a better translation from chinese because in some parts is difficult to understand what are they talking about (specialy for non native english speakers like me).   Now the game is short just like a demo so keep that in mind before purchase.  If the devs keep doing this great work i could say this would be the best indie of 2019.
Despite this episode being very short (only 30 minutes for me), the visual aesthetics and fluid gameplay vastly make up for it.  On the other hand, the forest boss fight area is a little sparse barren for my liking and certain subtitles and objectives are a little wonky translations-wise, but overall it is a must buy and I will be getting future episodes when they release. (Also I love the nod to Dark Souls)
Awesome game! Looking forward to the remaining episodes
I'm going to start by saying this. I hate Early Acess, for me Early Access translates to "Broken game we may never fix, give us money." However Bright Memory isn't like this. As it is now it's quite polished and has had a lot of time and passion put into this especially by such a small team. It dosen't try to pull an Atlas where the devs did the bare minimum to get it onto the store through Early Access, instead the're using Early Access for what it's meant for, a way for developers ot showcase their game while it's in development, not as a glorified beta test.  All in all, I'd highly reccomend this game, especially since they're not asking much for it.
Yeah, im gonna need as much of this game as i can get as soon as possible.
Great game. The gameplay and graphic is quite good for one developer. Keep this up and make a short game like 7-8 hours to finish and people would find it enjoyable. Making it longer than that would make people feel boring.
10/10 would use the bonefire again <3
It's very short, its levels are pretty basic, but you can feel the love behind it as you play, and it makes it incredibly charming for it!  Oh and if you get annoyed by the reloading times, if you switch out of a weapon when its empty and fire another weapon, your weapon will reload by the time you switch back, so get in the habit of weapon cycling if you want that SSS high score :)
alot of action  combos  hack n slash  skills  guns  story   EPIC and must buy !!!!
A wonderful little game, a surprise for me. Imagine Serious sam meeting Dark Souls. Using various skills and guns to defeat waves of enemies. There is some RPG elements as well. Not a bad thing for Early access, even though it took only 38 minutes to finish. Also some people might have some issue with the fact that there is regenerating health, so I was never really in much danger of dying. I will keep a lookout for future episodes and there is likely a lot of things to change. It is certainly something, seeing as the game is made by one person and he sure delivered.
场景小了点，有点其他游戏的影子，希望之后能融合的更好一点。游戏规模受限于成本，不过希望能把故事讲好。画面不错，跟国外游戏没有明显的代差了。支持作者！
Great game, worth the anticipation.
Wowsers, I have no idea what is going on!
Kind of short but its cheap. The gameplay is quite smooth. Hope we can have upgrades for weapons
This game is pretty awesome. If you love Doom then you'll probably want to give this game a try. Graphics are amazing.  It has a cute waifu.  Unfortunately, the first playthrough of the game is around 30 minutes, but it has replay value and the game is only $7.  I highly recommend you get this game, as its well worth the $7 in my opinion, and you'll be helping out a very promising Indie developer grow. I can't wait to buy and play the next episodes.
I lit the bonefire. And i liked it. I want to light another one!
I still haven't completed it but its a lovely game, and i still haven't encountered any bug. Combat is lovely and graphics are also good. Its totally worth those 4 bucks.
If Shadow warrior and DMC have baby.. and raised by Tomb Raider..  THIS IS IT.
This is soo good im soo proud of this game best 31 minutes of my life!!! 10/10 hope this get fully uploded in 2019 soo far this game is the best go play this plz
I don't know WTF I played.  But I liked it.
It feels like it wants to be the female Lo Wang of Shadow Warrior. But with clunky controls (you hold right mouse button to aim, NOT to TOGGLE aim!), minus the "cheecky" and sometimes "slap-jaw" humour and lack of remapping ANY of the  keybindings for both controllers and mouse'n'keyboard. However, this is an early access game and its going for cheap. Hopefully in the many days to come this game will become hella polished but until then it just feels exactly like how early access games feel like :)   So, do I recommend? Yes. Purely on the fact that this game has that potential (try it you'll see what I mean). I mean, it's just sooooo visibly there... just not right now.  I've only clocked <1hr so far, as of this review. Will update when I get maybe 2hrs.
Although it's quite short at the moment, the gameplay is really smooth and fun, enemies are pretty cool as well.
Played about half an hour. I got my money's worth, had a lot of fun shooting up assorted monsters and futuristic soldiers. The translation is patchy and occasionally incomplete, but honest, at $7 and with this much fun, I'd say it's a must-buy right now. Get it while it's inexpensive! 
Every boss is a bullet sponge with loads of add mobs because you _will_ run out of ammo trying to get them down and you need the add mobs to get more ammo.  Its beautiful and interesting but the bosses have _way_ too much HP,
it's Dark Soul FPS Mode with an extra DMC's vibe.  ANDDDDD.................... its cheap
good video game, but objectively hards when got to got get fly snake
if you like shadow warriors or dmc with the combo system you should defenently check this game out i love it and you can speed run it perfectly
This game is insane!! The game has a few bugs but definitely bareable to play through multiple times. I have played through once so far and was having a lot of fun landing combos with the sword. The game is different from many games that are currently out right now. Gameplay is addicting and makes you want to come back for more. I plan on playing through this first episode many times. Great game highly recommend to anyone that is a fan of fps. Keep up the good work man!   will update with future updates.
Just like dark souls
Nice!!!
fun short game for someone who wants to play a game that allows quick fluid combat with s rating system. Multiple ways to fight the enemies with the skills you can unlock throughout each of the weeks in the game. The game is a great pickup for someone who wants to be thrown into the game and learn as they go into it.
the game is great the only thing i want to know is when will the other parts come out? 
It's more of a short demo than a fully fledged game. It's pretty impressive given it was made by only one person and, though the writting and story aren't anything to right home about, the developer nails the fast paced combat with this hybrid of traditional hack and slash juggling and standard first person shooting. Definetly worth the buy if you just want some fun action without a lot of bullshit.
This game gets my heart pumping like crazy! Graphic is just gorgeous and gameplay is really on point. This game is the game that I dreamt about when I sleep
Looking forward to play the full version! :)
Worth the money, even if its short. A good 1 off game that proves that if 1 guy can do it right, a AAA dev has no excuse.
Very fun game. Combat feels fluid and rewarding, sometimes hectic, but still extremely fun. Like others have said, combining everything together in the fights is really awesome. You feel like the ultimate badass.   It's amazing one person made this game. While it's extremely short, it's cheaper than a movie and I had a lot more fun playing this than going to the movies.
I really enjoy this game, everything is pretty nice, i would like to play the completed game.
This game is great, or demo should i say, since it's really short and isn't finished, but it's so good, and it's pretty cheap ( Price ), while story and cutscenes are mediocre i'd say or a little bit above mediocre, the gameplay is really good, gunplay is simple but effective, not the best but definitely not the worst, gameplay with sword and abilities is responsive and quick, there are some issues that can be bothering, like the fact that you can't rebind keys, the voice acting is only in chinese ( I think ) but it's understandable since it's made by one guy and before paying real voice actors or even new ones, he wanted to see if his game was worth keeping working on it, i definitely can't blame him for not wanting to pay people for a project with an unknown destiny, translations in game are... weird, most of the time, you'll be able to understand what is told but you still would have to think for a bit, i think one subtitle isn't translated in the whole demo which took me 40 minutes to complete, on the bright side, i didn't encounter any bug at all, gameplay in itself is great, scoring system reminds of a lot of Devil May Cry so it's a big plus for me, there are i think 3 references and one/two are very obvious, i really liked the hud, made it a bit like we're seeing the interface from the character eyes ( Futuristic setting of course ) for example things around the gun ( That can be disabled if you want. ), the game in itself isn't really hard, i think it's missing a difficulty settings, seeing as i'm not that good at games, and i didn't die at all while not taking the armor perk since i didn't want to waste xp, also the skills are great and have quite a lot of impact in game, game rewards you for finishing it first time by giving you a bonus outfit which isn't really my kind of thing, but it's better than nothing i guess. Overall, game is great but quite short, cheap ( 5 € ), this episode isn't finished, so there will be more content for it, and also, for 5€ it's good, there's a lot of games that i bought for at least 4x more, and i didn't play more than 3h, so i'll say this game is worth is price, even more if this goes on sale.
very good game and solid for early release. I hope the dev could add more contents in the future. The fighting is fun
not bad at all! looking forward to play the full version. ty for your hard work
I can't believe this was made by one person. The graphics are incredible, the movements are fluid, the combat is satisfying, the music makes you feel like you're in a chaotic--"What is going on and why am I mashing E" situation, just incredible.  [spoiler] Got stuck on that big monster which I thought it was already dead. [/spoiler]  I never thought I would be satisfied with a less-than-1-hour game, thank you for that. I would patiently wait for the rest of the episodes.  Bottom line: It's fun.
Game not in English but is still an absolute joy to play. Only minor issue is it's a little hard to see the subtitles sometimes. As for everything else the game runs very well. I had no frame drops or stutter whatsoever. The enviroments are beatiful and the character is very well done.   The combat feels very fluid and altough a little overwhelming at first after about 20 min you start to learn to use it well enough to pull off some nice combos  and I feel like by the time the rest of the content comes it will be awesome since you now have a good idea of how the combat works.  Story wise it doesn't seem anything too dramatic or deep but it's interesting enough to want to know what happens next. Gameplay is the main reason you would want to get this though and it does that very well.  Lastly (as of this review) the price is very low and although you only get about 50min-1hour of content it is still worth it as the gameplay is innovative and feels very fresh. Sure it borrows some ideas from other games but here it puts its own twist and it works extremely well.  Overall i'd say definitely buy it if the gameplay looks interesting to you as more content is to come and considering this is programmed by just 1 person the effort they have put in is astounding (better than some triple A stuff *cough Fallout 76*).
This game is absolutely amazing! The combat is smooth and the game is interesting. I've played through the available story multiple times over and cannot wait for more content! The graphics are great, I would expect these graphics from a large company, not a single developer. I'll be keeping an eye on this game and all the updates.
牛逼
Since it takes about an hour to finish a playthrough, it's more of a demo than a game. However, within that short hour, this displayed some unbelievable potentials.  [list] [*] Solid combat, but still needs fine tuning to be great. Consider the current state, an experienced level designer would do wonder here. A lot of combat zones were too small to maneuver and enemy placement is seriously off. Also, more skill/mechanic isn’t always better. To make these mechanics meaningful, you need level designed around and enemies vulnerable to these mechanics. It may not be fair to say these because there are devs specialized in gun play, enemy design, skill balance, etc. and the dev is only one person, but still, details are necessary for a game to be "great" and not just "good." [*] Amazing visual fidelity. Nice shadows, particle effect, and so on but visual styles were inconsistent. We have what? Skelton, big wolf, zombies(?), bat and undead orc(?). I don't know...it's hard to tell what's what and even harder to tell the background. Seriously need some consistency (or canon to bridge the gap) because right now it felt like they're from different games. [*] Absolutely amazing cinematic, especially camera-works. Apart of some frame drops, I can't even find a thing to complain. If you just cut out of the cinematic and gameplay part, and show to people with no previous knowledge of the game, they are likely to guess this is a multi-million dollars AAA title instead of one dev indie title.  [*] Sound-tracks (and sound design in general) were surprisingly good. [*] UI and HUD design were questionable. Especially HUD. It's not a good idea to put that much stuff around the gun especially when you're not going to explain them. There's a reason why most FPS game put ammo count, health bar, map/radar, etc. on different portion of the screen. If they are stuck together, no one is be able to focus on one HUD amid the chaos of combat.   [*] For an FPS game, key-mapping is an essential and not a feature! People have different hand and keyboard sizes. I personally could not comfortably press the Shift key without lifting my entire hand. In every game, the first thing I do is to remap whatever is on Shift to something else and without that, it's seriously uncomfortable to play.  [*] Voice-over (Chinese) sounds weird. It feels like script-reading more than voice over. Even during the most intense scene, the voice is so calm that it felt bizarre.  [*] Ah, bonfires =] [/list] All in all, considering this is made by one dev (how?), I can't even imagine what the dev can do if s/he had enough resources. Seriously, don't stop here. Start a Kickstarter or even go find some venture capitals. With this as proof-of-concept, you can raise a lot of money, house a dev team of a dozen or so people, and go from there. The potential of the game (and the dev) cannot be overstated.
Devil May Cry over-stylization? Bioshock style powers? Dark Souls combat boss mechanics? Tomb Raider atmosphere?  Hell yes. I had so much fun. It's short. Insanely short. 30 minutes is what it took me.  Check out my full playthrough in 4K/60fps here: https://youtu.be/D6s31gjgZ8Y  Looking forward to more of this game as it's released. Edit: This game didn't support 21:9 Ultrawide resolution as of writing this.
Played through this episode about 4 or 5 times.  Once you unlock all of the skills you feel like a complete baddass. Gunplay is great, although I don't see the point in ADS at the moment.  Movement is good, reminds me of Shadow Warrior.  Combining all of your moves and attacks together is very satisfying.  Can't wait for more.
hin hao.Worth it
Incredible game, great graphics, smooth gameplay, How a game should be made. Only 1 tiny criticism the subtitles can be hard to see and go away to quick. Episode 1 was finished in just under 1 hour but thats reflected in the price. Best early access game I have played for a long time.
I am shocked this got made by one guy.  This game has so much potential, I can't wait for the other episodes.  I would say this was about 1hr of content if you only play through once but basically this game is like Warframe and DMC had a baby.  You play FPS with abilities and a combo counter, fight through puzzles and mini bosses, and upgrade skills.
It's like Crysis 2, but with better combat, skills and abilities. Altough the game provides no backstory for the protagonist till now, I somehow like her. I even like the chinese language in the game - it suits it very well.  I didn't expect that, but the whole game with its great graphics, fluid combat and very cool skills is actually very thrilling. Thumbs up!
Really cool combat. Platforming could use some work. Puzzles are uninspired. Beaten in under 70 minutes. Price of a large big mac meal.
best $7 i ever spent
Awsome game it's like a first person devil may cry
Where do I begin, everthing about this is amazing! TY FYQD Persinal Studio. Already 30 min in and I want to play more.  Pros:  - Amazing Graphics with so much detail - Music is perfect - The Combo's used with unique ability and weapon, awesome - Cool monsters - Great storyline - interesting puzzle's  Con:  - Not leaving my computer  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CN2igwv9do
Fun short game, great job FYQD!
The game is fun. The game is cheap. The game is short. That pretty much sums up what you have in front of you.   Now I am not too sure what happened in the story considering some subtitles were in Chinese and well... it feels like you get dropped into a story that's already maybe 3 or so missions in. At least that's how I felt.  Gameplay is really fun. It's as if someone tried to combine bulletstorm with a hack and slash game. You do have some decent mobility for a FPS. You have dashes and such (really hope there will be a forward dash soon too). The only thing that really holds gameplay back is the level design.  The level design is fine in most aspects. I don't think the scenary is especially interesting. It's not bad, but it's not a "wow" factor. The drawback of the level design is how many ledges there are. All my death's (except for 1) were due to me falling of a cliff or something. Some parts don't exactly seem designed for the dashing that you can do and in some areas the "Q" ability which ideally should help you just gets stuck causing you to fall off a ledge.   In terms of other remarks. Well it would be nice to have English voices. It would be nice that any clunky bits be smoothed out, even though most of the game felt good. I would like a slide. I also noticed that the "T" ability, even if you purchase it, it's only a 1 time use. Then you have to buy it again. If there are going to be "executions" for bosses I think these need to be worked on. The one we got wasn't great.    All in all this is a good game especially for it's price.
Don't often write reviews for games but this one definitely deserves it. The asking price is definitely worth it, imo its maybe even too cheap. Graphics are amazing (its unreal engine after all) and gameplay was totally balanced. It wasn't easy but it also wasn't hard, in all of the games I have played I must say that in difficulty this one is in my top 5 of balanced.  Story was also very good though more information would be welcome at the start of the game, perhaps that will come in a future update or other episode.  Performance wise: I played with an GTX 1080, Xeon E5 v3 and 12gb Ram all setting on max and had no issues. No stutter, no lag, all was perfect.  The cons: Game finished really fast, in 47 min I completed the storyline.  TLDR; Great game for gameplay and viduals, would defilitely recommend
I never heard of the game previously, I had been on the Steam store and was looking through and found this on the early access page. The game was not what I expected, however I really enjoyed it. The story was hard to get into as the dialogue was in a different language but there are subtitles, however with the white font and transparent background the subtitles I couldnt see the words, so I didnt really know what was going on. Some of the subtitles that are in english are worded slightly wrong but it's not too bad.  Pros:  - Good Graphics  - Optomized (On my PC)  - Smooth combat  Cons:  - Story isn't the best (because of language and subtitles)  - Enemy AI can be stupid and dont move  Overall it's worth £5. In my opinion they just need to have the subtitles easier to see and hopefully some english dialogue.
Definetly worth.  Excitedly waiting for the upcoming episodes!
THIS GAME IS FUCKING GREAT AND DOES AN EXCELLENT JOB OF INCORPERATING DMC COMBOS INTO AN FPS
This game is awesome. Plays great, looks good, gets real intense. Good job dude, looking forward to the upcoming content updates.
The game is very short but very good, shows great promise for a solo developer. cannot wait to see more, 1 hour of gameplay for 7$ 3 hours if u do all 3 playthroughs. really the only con to the game is the translation, its translated enough to what things mean and thats all that matters. Highly recommend giving this game a try
wow just wow this game is dark souls and doom mixed together also spoiler* bonefire lit!!! I started looking around me in awe when it happened.
This game saved me from battle royal trend cancer 
A game that's clearly inspired by the best mix of Shadow Warrior, Painkiller, Bulletstorm, Syndicate (2012), and Devil May Cry. Give it a bit of an Uncharted setting and you got this game. It's crazy, it doesn't really make a lot of sense, but it's a crazy fun game to play. Very excited to see what comes of it later. Be warned, a lot of the menu options don't work. Couldn't turn motion blur off and couldn't swap aiming mode to hold instead of toggle. It also runs fantastically on older systems. Very promising start.
DMC in first person.
Short but very sweet, it's a lot of fun and feels like a mash of Shadow Warrior and Bulletstorm.
The actual state of the game is incomplete and very short but much so fun, fast and nervous. Combat against Boss remind of Boss from Dark Souls / Bloodborn. They are big, impressive and deadly. And the only way to kill them, is to move every time (dash), shoot, use your power and slice in every way like in Shadow Warrior but 100x better. And do this even in the air to increase your score and damage.   Normal mobs are even deadly too.  Can't wait to see more contents.
It's a really fun and engaging experience that reminds me of Doom and several other games. Considering the price, that it's still being worked on and the development size, it's totally worth it due to all the fun factor. But at the current stage it might be too short.
Plenty of fun to be had. Rough around the egdes but completely playable.  Very interesting combat mechanic. Lots of potenial for some amazing battles.  Definitely looking forward to what's next!  
..
This is really a $7 demo, takes about 45 minutes to beat. The whole thing is bat shit crazy from start to finish and is a load of dumb fun.
It's a good but shurt Action Shooter Hack n' Slash "Doom Styled" shooter.  Graphic for a very very little dev team is very good. the gun gameplay feels ok.  Dark Souls easter egg = 10/10
Its fun to try and beat your previous times and scores. Would recommend!
Amazing fps, finished the first map with the first boss, looks like a mix of sci fi atmosphere with some fantasy elements (i like fighting skull with shield+sword in a dark atmosphere), combo with sword/guns and a lot of competences and special power for more fast paced actions, i like it!
Doom guy got nothing on me ! Slicing demons? Bonefire Lit from dark souls? SuperPower?  10/10 would die in chinese again
Absolutely amazing concepts. I get vibes from a combination of like devil may cry, dark souls, black ops 3 and many other minute things. Would love so see this game become long with a lot of amazing bossfights and skills and equipment to get. Plays great, totally fluent and intuitive. Props to the creator. Will gladly follow for more!
Now I want a lot more of that!
Oh hey, a 1 person project, by a guy who develops it in his free time after work, that just put most triple-A developers to shame. It also has Dark Souls' bonfires!
AMAZING GAME !!!! Trust me !!!!
I highly recommend the game to everyone, the only criticism i would have is that the english is a bit broken and you cant bind your keys. The gameplay is awesome tho!
Great Battle,  Great Art,  Great Voice Actor,  Great Game.  Look forward for future updates! 
This is a fast paced game that rewards you for doing using skills to it's full potential, this game is very promising. i won't tell much about the game until there is bunch of updates
Bonfire lit
Played through twice so far and will probably be playing through many more times. The combat feels amazing and the game runs well (at least for me). Allthough the game is very short (about 30 minutes to complete), it's definitely worth the money and like mentioned earlier the combat is so satisfying that you won't be able to stop at 1 playthrough! Buy and support the dev cause I WANT MORE! :D  Negatives so far are probably due to the nature of early access, like not being able to rebind keys, the english translation is pretty awkward and getting the mouse sensitivity finetuned was also a bit of a hassle for me.
Good, i will buy final product!
Bads : (not really for the price and for an episode but ) too short  Goods : Nice combo mechanics Nice Graphics Nice Spells Nice everything All done by one single person, Good Job !
This game is awsome ，although it just looks like a demo.I highly recommend every gamer try this game，hard to belive it was made by a personal studio.Chinese game will leave a bright memory in everyone‘s mind who love games，I absolutely certain of that. -----From a Chinese game player
What an absolute gem. It blows my mind what a single developer can achieve on his spare time.  Gameplay is amazing, if Bulletstorm and Shadow Warrior had a baby this game would be it - combos, guns and swordplay blend - brilliant.  Runs like a champ on my 1080Ti, 120fps on max details so it's optimized right out of the gate.  There are a few bugs here and there but completely acceptable (it's EA after all.) and it doesn't ruin the fun at all.  Very eager to see your future work on this IP, FYQD.  
fantastic game loads of fun, good fighting and awesome bosses 100% recommend
Heard about this game recently and it appealed to me. When I found it this was made by 1 person I was mindboggled. Such a great project that is actually well performed, some Triple A titles have had worse Early Access with a big budget and team behind them, so kudos to the developer. My experience was to just jump right in, the story is still a bit vague to me but I'll replay this multiple times.   Positives: [list] [*]Great combat mechanics [*]Futuristic HUD and UI, pretty unique [*]Graphics are good and seems to be well optimized. The game recommends a 970 (which I have) and I can run it easily at a stable 80fps. [*]Fast paced and easy to learn [*]Story is cool, would like to learn more in the future [/list]  Feedback/missing: [list] [*]No fov slider, I like my fov to be around 105 if this would've been 90 for example. [*]Difficulty setting, the game seems a little bit to easy for me at the moment and my first playthrough had 2 deaths due to falling into a spike pit. [*]Due to the language being Chinese I missed some voice acting, subtitles would appear in the middle of combat and I had no time to read and understand what was being said. [/list]  Will be hyped for more!
This game is very, very cool. It has to continue, we need more of that !
This game is amazing holy shit When Shadow warrior, Doom and Bulletstorm have bukkake with chinese girl this will come out. I love it  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7V2qudfy01c
Oh Im really so proud of this! Can't believe that this is a game that made by one guy only. Although it just has episode 1 so far, but in this short of the period, I still feel the pure happiness and excitement as I am just only a normal player. In this whole try, I died fourth times so it's a bit hard and you need to order all the time gaps between shooting and using your skills. Also sometimes you got to intention close to the enemies let them attack you for a perfect dodge then for a perfect combo. I highly recommend this game, refresh your last highest combo with a pretty girl and her guns and skills.
Especially for an early access game, this title is relatively well polished and is absolutely amazing to play. Well worth the price point, even as is!  Two other games have made me enjoy slice-and-dice shooting as much as I did today-- Superhot and MGS: Revengence. Gameplay is solid, intuitive, and makes you feel like a you're the overpowered main character of an anime. Fights feel like action sequences and whether you prefer gunplay or using the sword there is an enjoyable gameplay flow.   The only qualms at this point are honestly just UX- Subtitles and in-game text need localization fixes and there really should be keybinding, but early access is early access. I'm excited for what's coming up!
牛逼啊
You should buy this game without hesitation. It's absolutely stunishing how a single person can pull such an engaging gameplay.
I heard of this project a couple of years ago, and it's finally out. Good job. I'm impressed in some ways that a small sized studio can pull off with these stunning VFX, particle effects, etc. Optimization wasn't the best, but it is understandable for such a small sized team to make something with certain degrees of visual fidelity on UE4. Now let's talk about possible improvements. 1. UI   UI, in general, is rather messy. Quality of the icons are not great, rather low quality I'd say; this applies to the text showing in-game as well. Pay attention to how the icons and texts scale on the different resolution would definitely help. More than that, I feel that some of my screen space has been taken by unnecessary halos, which does not really help with anything. Blurry text is another thing; I understand if the blur occurs situationally as your gadgets got interfered with EMP and such things but come on, my eyes are bleeding with those blurs. 2. Mechanics   You have good knowledge of video games because your design shows a lot of it. However, this is exactly where the problem is. You mixed a lot of elements from other games, and throw it to us. I don't see anything original, thus no points for creativity here. Some of the mechanics just don't work well together; more doesn't mean better. Trim down mechanics that are not well implemented is actually going to help with the experience. Enemy AI is rather simple, not really challenging at all. I feel that you could reduce the types of enemies, but spend more time on designing their logic would make the combat more enjoyable. It is quite repetitive at its current state. Level design wise I think some especially when you're traveling thru different areas has been done good, but when it comes to combat area, I feel little options to take advantage on the environment around me. 3. Visual Art  In order to make an immersive experience, you need a coherent art style. During the gameplay, I feel like I was traveling in different games. I saw elements from Uncharted, Tomb Raider, Quantum Break, Titanfall, Shadow Warrior and even more. The art style of a game needs to be consistent for us to feel immersive, which I believe is what you're trying to achieve. For example, the weapon you gave us, a 1911 like a pistol, Titanfall style assault rifle, and a shotgun that the design that doesn't make any sense. The verdict is that you need to do homework on art related stuff rather than just mashing up everything and throw them in there. 4. Sound   Track-wise is actually better than I expected. It gives you some of that DOOM style metal but not as heavy. However, it feels repetitive overtime and even become noisy. Sound effects and voice overs aren't really good; it's quite awkward in fact. One of the reasons I don't feel the combat is satisfying is when you kill an enemy, they don't make any satisfying noise, which is very underwhelming for a game relies almost solely on combat. Voice overs are just simply awkward. Actors' tone doesn't really much with what is going on in the game.  5. Design decisions   For one collectibles feels useless. When I found something, it basically just said I found blah blah blah and done. No rewards, no backgrounds, it feels more like a placeholder rather than an actual game mechanic. Secondly, with boost jumps, flash dodges being part of the mechanics, I believe you really want the movement to be fluid. But it does feel very clunky; it lacks transitional movements. Implement something like slide, would help.       Overall I really like what you're doing, very good job! But this is not a free game, and yet you make it like a tech demo or something you would put into your portfolio when you apply for jobs in a game company. Doesn't matter it is early access or not, it is a product for sale, so it should have a standard. Good luck in improving your game, big thumbs up! 
Super slick, fast paced fun FPS that doesn't feel like it's an indie early access game. It sort of feels like a mix of Bulletstorm and Crysis, cranked up to 11.   Cool skills, good enemy variety, nice boss fights (2 currently), although limited weapon variety for now.  Presentation is great, shooting feels really good, really not a lot to complain about.  No controller support, which given how important movement is I feel would maybe feel better to play, as having to hit a bunch of different keys at the same time can feel awkward.  Also as the developer says in the early access description there is only around an hour of content right now, but given how good it is and the low price it's still an easy recomendation.  An arena mode or something more replayable would be a nice way to increase replayability, but for now it's just the campain.  Also didn't experiance any performance issues.  Looking forward to seeing the rest of the game
Epic stuff
The craziest game I have ever played there are some flaws but it's an amazing non stop action pacted game and worth your time!
Insane non stop action so juicy and good. it may be super short but its so poggers
Oh my god, this is literally the best first person shooter I have ever played. Feels like a mix between Warframe, Devil May Cry and Doom with incredible graphics and music that gets you hella pumped for every fight. Absolutely worth the price right now. Can't wait for the full release. 10/10
this is one of the most beautiful and stunning game. its looks and feels like a aaa game. the game paly and game macanics are awesome. the graphic looks stunning. keep the good work going on man . i love it
So I have to say... I'm on the fence about this game, but I'm leaning towards really liking it.  Pros: Very nice gunplay/swordplay, with a good feel for recoil and the slashing is very controllable. Visuals are extremely pretty to look at, and work very smoothly. Grading system seems to be more 'don't miss' than something like the style grader of the DMC series, but still nice.  Cons: Non-remappable controls (which is stated in the menu) is a big bummer, as it would be much easier to have some on extra mouse buttons, but it is early access, so that can change. It's very short. Almost demo short. You can beat it in under an hour, and get a refund... but I wouldn't recommend that, because I want to fund this and play a whole lot more. Non-English language. Subtitles are required for this, so I'd love to see some English voice-acting once it gets out of early access.  Overall... I have to recommend this game, if so nothing else than they keep working on it and get it further out there.
This game is so rad. I saw the video and thought NO WAY. This game can't play like this. And guess what? It does.   Story progression feels weirdly like Metal Gear (and makes just about as much sense as most Metal Gear games) and each big fight had a lot of weight and left me asking a lot of questions. I love the future tech in this game. Overall, I just love this game and can't wait to see what it ultimately becomes.  Do yourself a favor and pay the small asking price to experience something that is such a hidden gem and exceeded my expectations over and over.  Gameplay/review (just Ep 1): https://youtu.be/BqgnUnSmBO8
This game is nothing short of breathtaking awesomeness. The visuals, music, and gameplay are just top notch. Seriously give this person credit and your money. He deserves it. This is total passion at its finest. I look forward to the finished product. Keep up the great work and let your dream come true.
Looks good, plays well, ran fine for me. Pretty short at the time of posting this, but I assume this is not ALL of episode 1 and that the 2 more hours of gameplay will be the rest of it. For now, it's $7 and it's good, if not short, violent and flashy fun.
Good Game Overall, would love to see more to come in the future. Hope they keep it updated to make it better.
Dont expect a long game, it is still being made. BUT HOLY SHIT IS IT GOOD. Combat is fast paced and B A D A S S. The game makes you feel like you could even kill a god, it's outstanding.
If you aren't motion sick person.   This game is pretty good.
I really enjoyed this game alot there was a couple bugs I experienced but it was fun overall. 9/10 will die 14 times again in a School girls uniform next.
What is this? Devil May Cry FPS? This game is awesome!
Great Game graphics are really amazing enemy movement is a little wonky but it will get better by time truly had fun with this game it has a real potential. I was just looking for a game single player based and this is it i needed it :D had fun for me 10/10
牛逼
Please support this game, its a unique blend of hack n slash, boss fights, FPS and puzzles  and guess what? all done by 1 person.
I bought the game and a part of me regrets having paid for the game, I recommend the game to pass the time or to play a joke on your friends; Speaking of my own experience with the game, I did not want to see videos about this because I feel that it is far from its purpose, I would say that the game, on the one hand, is a bit predictable, I was not scared. I did not get nervous, I did not even get tense, somehow I laughed a lot with certain questions at that moment I thought "Really?" In spite of that, I liked to do this test, even if it did not cause me anything. I like this type of games that try to provoke something in you, I give it a point because it speaks directly to you as a player, it has a good atmosphere. , it has sound effects that I think are very well executed within the game and if it looks like you're talking to someone else, I recommend it.
the watson-scott test did its job as it always made me feel nervous, even with the lights on, i had seen videos prior so i ended up using a vpn and didn't get an ip address. even though i watched videos of it, because it's random per each user, it never failed to amaze me on how scary it was and how uneasy it made me feel. overall, 10/10.
I like this game a lot. It's something new and original. This test is really good at making you feel scared, lonely & anxious. Hope developers make another test in this, because you can feel the true experience only the first time you play it.
Interesting . Very accurate too . Store page gives away jump scares but that maybe puts you on edge enough . Best if using earphones . Worth a go but .... once you,ve taken it .... you,ve done it ..... !
i loved this game i 100% it and it was easy and when i was playing with a little sibling it scared him shitless and that was funny to watch   i really hope to see more games like this from you guys! or some sort of dlc or update for this game cause i would love todo more stuff like this the tests were fun! i just wish their was more!
Uncomfortably accurate results.
Interesting idea.  Good to play with decent headset but...  PLEASE REMOVE THE JUMPSCARES.  They completely ruin the tension and after the first you lost me in the first test.  There's 2 of them and they are obnoxious  The whole game is about half an hour long
This game scared the sh*t out of me.
The concept of the game - a test mixed with horror elements - is definitely an interesting one and worth a try. However I wished this game would keep relying on atmosphere alone. It does so well building a creepy atmosphere with ominous questions and eerie sound effects - and then it destroys everything and throws it right out of the window with a jumpscare, which is about as annoying and inaffective as a flashy ad popup.
A very well-made game. I went in expecting something like this, and yet it still managed to intrigue and thrill me. I had never seen anyone play through before, and so didn't know what to expect in terms of quality. I was not disappointed.
I almost died of being scared..I loved it! 
I feel I got what a paid for- a psychology test with an AR feel that has a distinct atmosphere. I love getting immersed in quizzes set in games, and it's a bonus when they come with answers at the end.  This game is wholly a questionnaire. It's designed to put you in the moment of the story- that you are completing a test in this vague, unsettling universe. Sound design and aesthetically glitching text that varies in speed and colour as the dialogue progresses will draw you in. This game is not scary, no, but it's wonderfully fun to play. The attempt to make me jump out of my skin did not work, and I was more fond of the slow build-up trying to make my skin crawl- but hey, I saw it work on others, so it's not a bad feature for everyone. Just because it didn't get the effect out of me that it should have does not mean it was poorly placed, either. I saw what it was trying to do, and me from a few years ago would have been impressed... and anxious. Anxious in a good way.
[b]Spiel:[/b] I think I'm one of the lucky ones who came in thinking it was just a creepy li'l quiz--a fun horror romp. I say lucky because I came in expecting the basics and got what I expected plus a bit. The game just does what it does.  [b]Pros:[/b] The sound/music was good. Atmospheric and ominous.  The visuals were were fitting. I liked the faint glow of the test portions. The visuals are not bad. They're the kind you'd seen in horror games but I found the macabre/dark psych(?) visuals to be the better ones.  For the gameplay (nature of the game) the devs definitely achieved their goal, showing there are more ways to experience the horror genre.  Apparently another goal was blurring the line between reality/fiction. I can definitely appreciate the work that went into that goal. In fact, it was probably my favourite part of the game (lol). So yes, good stuff, devs. I do like some dark psych horror.  [b]Cons:[/b] I guess the jump scares but i mean...jump scares are jump scares. Not that you can find a lot of them like this, but I like jump scares that add to the experience. Ones that make sense to be there/ones that....have context? I don't know how to ask for classier jump scares lol.   The game could also be longer for those that want more out of their money but I think it was a fairly good play time. That said, I look forward to their future projects. Maybe they'll be longer and just as scary then lol.   [b]TL;DR[/b] It's a short, atmospheric, pretty unique romp into psych/horror. If you have time and a couple coins to spare, sure, why not? I ain't stopping you. (unless you're tight on cash for transit fares. Then maybe another day.)
Awesome experience!!!!
*Spoiler* The jumpscare part got a little milked for a bit.  Overall great atmosphere, as a person who likes to look into every detail, the fact that there seems to be hidden texts made me want to record the play through to see what the hidden/changed texts were. The audio was well done as the test tried to build a sense of paranoia and disconfort. Pretty well done.
This is a truly unsettling game, it actually fought on some of my answers, and the sounds and screaming in the background really got me. I watched JackSepticEye and 8-BitRyan play this, and my playthrough actually had questions they didn't, and gave me a result they didn't get it. It still made me so unsettled.
I LOVE this game, just dont look behind you.  ;)
think that game is good but like evrithing have a faw flowss.  The minus is probably the price. I don't know much about the development of games (I'm a very casual player) but in Poland cost of this game like that is not very hight but excessive. For this time of playing without trying different options and doing egg two and one is about 20 minutes. I'm very confused about that. I think building more tension with adding more questions which pretend to be more like in normal personality test can be helpful to develop. I have anther thought about questions if is more professional done it can give more realistic analysis thats can be more believable for us players. The speed of taping was very confusing too but it can be only my preference.  Now for more bright side of it. The sounds and sugaring by the questions someone is in our house are pretty good. It can work more if u live alone or u alone in house.  The scremer wasant real jumpscer for me. It hasn't got laude unpleasant noise and like we see before game comforts us with saying things like,, this image will not speak'',,, this imegine will not move'' so this thing can make u suspicious.
It was pretty spooky. The jumpscares didn't scare me too much. But with my paranoia I still pretty spooked. My reveiw 7/10 would recommend. Not worth five bucks though, I got it on sale and if you want to buy it I'd suggest getting it on sale as well.  Make sure to lock your door's >:D
This was PETTRIFYING to play in the dark but its such an interseting experience. It got my results dead on and it thoroughly freaked me the f**k out! The devs did an amazing job and its nice to see a genuinly twisted horror game that f***s with your head! I 110% recommend this game if you want a good scare.
it's psychological test game.. jump scare just additional content.. we try this game to a few person and the result was true enough with the people that tested.. for game it was bad.. but for get the result i thought it was good enough  6 out of 10 just for psychological test
Get fricking hekked, the 3 hekking spooks were hekking spooky.
I went in with minimal expectations. A game that touts itself as a personality test was not necessarily something I expected to love, but I was wrong. It was a fantastic game. Some of the questions made me laugh, others made me groan. I took the test twice because it stated that it does change up questions each time you take it. Unfortunately, ithat is so minimal it's hardly worth mentioning. There, definitely, should be more questions added for future "retesting", and a better algorithm to add those.   Regardless, the game was great, and if you're doing one play through, DEFINITELY worth it!
I got a stroke 10/10
0/10 After i played this, i got stabbed in the eyes when i woke up from sleeping and died, and yes, i am writing this review as a ghost for this cursed game, all jokes aside this game really made me 100x anxious and paranoid!...... but will still die due to game stabbing me in the eyes when i sleep, so... R.I.P Me
I think this game presents a very unique and interesting concept- I personally really enjoyed the way it played out, and my "results" were relatively accurate, and I'd recommend this game, for sure. There's only one thing that, for me, really took away from the experience, and it's the same thing that plenty of others have already voiced. The jumpscares felt so out of place, and took away from my personal enjoyment. I think that without them, and with some expanded choice branching and further development of the atmosphere and sound design could bring to this game something that I've yet to see. I'm really hoping that a revised or expanded version of this game will be developed, as I feel it does really hold the potential to be something great. A fun way to kill 20-30 minutes!
Unique concept but i would like it to last more.
Making snarky comments at the game may slightly decrease the creepiness factor, but I was very pleasantly suprpised by the high percentage of water related questions it asked me ^^
This game had a very good premise- the atmosphere was perfect. It used a lot of good word choices to promote anxiety, but it was too much at times and came off edgy (E.G only 13% of people were able to complete this test due to DYING). The glitching of the screen and the questions gradually getting darker were very good, except when the game tried to be meta. Saying someone is inside your house is good ONLY if they've previously implanted the idea in your head that someone could be inside your house.  Now, the obvious part is the jumpscares. Nobody liked those, nobody thinks those are scary, they don't fit the setting and are just a cheap way of freaking someone out. For instance, 'A Dark Place', a game I recommend very highly, has jumpscares that make context within the story. Sit down and look at Watson-Scott, now. There are a lot of ways you can impliment scares into a psychology based test. Play grotesque noises, fade images slightly on screen, have the game glitch out (more than it already does). What I do like, however, is the fact that the images shown in the test do not lead to jumpscares.  Lastly, I'd like to touch on the novelty of this game. I was going to buy it regardless but I did get it on sale. I do not believe it is worth five USD. Two or less dollars would be reasonable for this sort of application. There is very little to the game itself, and it even boasts that there's a 'very short play time', which makes the price tag a little ridiculous. The replayability is very low for this game and at most you'll maybe get an hour out of it.  I would also like to mention that I love the snide humor in the game (420BLAZIT)  So overall- it's good, but tone down the edginess, get the jumpscares 1000000 miles away, and either expand on the game or bump the price down.
game is only really good if you live alone and if its dark or have a history of axienty otherwise it aint for you but it did give me a scare and a heart attack id say if it was maybe free cause its not that long it might get better reviews
love the concept of the game and it was pretty spooky! However, that jumpscare was just... too random....
very good... and scary, those 2 ending jumpscares really got me!
10 outta 10, I've played 3 times already and I'd play it again.
I liked this game from beginning to end. I thought it had a great atmosphere and was terrifying overall. It is very short thought, and I'm not sure if it's worth $5. Wait for it to go on sale.
I really liked this game, it was creepy and entertaining to play! It is exactly what it says it is though, a creepy personality test of sorts, so there's no gameplay or anything like that. I happen to like that, but I figure some people might be dissapointed if they expect something else. Would reccomend this game, took me about half an hour to complete.
Man, this game scary as f*ck
Good game 7/10  for its price i think that this game is a complete steal  its horror is on the same ammount of its fun  unless youve watched youtube game plays or know whats going to happen i would recomend it
Summary: 6.5/10, needs improvement but still recommended.  What's up, anon. I'm glad you decided to read my full review. I'm hot off finishing this gem as I write this and boy are there some things that need to be said.  This multiple choice game has the capability of keeping the player tense throughout the entirety of the experience, generating the atmosphere of horror that so many other horror games severely lack. It comes down to some truly sweet sound work: the slow tick-tacking of the questions being asked, the fizzes and blurs of "glitches" coming at largely unexpected times, and the use of 3D soundspace to emulate someone standing behind you, someone knocking at your door, etc. This combined with the tone of the questionnaire itself make for some great atmosphere.  Now to talk about the ending and the only critique I have about this game which made me question whether or not to recommend it, so here's a SPOILER ALERT. Alright, now that that's over with, here's the bad part.  [spoiler] The end is jumpscares. Great. After some really inspiring work put into just a twenty minute game (not including the bonus round), it ends on what I can only call a flat note. This criticism is likely going to be among many like it, but startling me is not the same as scaring me. That was already being accomplished and rightly so. However, the jumpscares at the end of this game weren't so much aggravating as disappointing. Had the game just ended without these, the experience would have been truly satisfying. Instead it left a bit of a bitter taste in my mouth which the bonus quiz seemed intent on making even more bitter. I didn't finish that part of the game since it seemed to mainly consist of more jumpscares, so forgive me if I am conisdered not to have completed the full experience. [/spoiler]  Regardless, I still recommend this game because of the fact that it is a really neat piece of work that I think should get some air time. No game is perfect and I didn't expect this one to be. But I also didn't expect it to have such a hold on the meaning of atmosphere in the horror scene itself.
I'm not sure whether this is the kind of game I would reccomend, but I would definitely boot up at home to let less suspecting friends play. I'm a big fan of the horror genre so I'm gonna go off for a little bit below (with spoilers just so you know) so thats why I put a quick review above for people who just want to know if the games ok or not.  I feel the game has a strong premise going, as there are few things in the world that can suck me in like a personality test, especially one that promises to anaylse your fears. However I feel the game falls a little short on that and relies too much on one specific scenario, instead of actually setting it up to become an uncomfortable experience depending on what the player selects. The audio of this game is down right fantastic and truly sets up for a downright uncomfortable experience with the background audio, although I do feel you went off to the races a little too fast with the screaming and whatnot. One other thing, which may be just me as an artist, I feel the 3d model nature of the jumpscare a little bit jarring? But not in a good way. More in the way I dont think it fits in with the format of the game, which I can see that could have been what the develepors were going for with the experience of them being in the room with you, but I'm just not feeling it myself and it would have been better if the game gave off a more 3d feel like that one Horse Horror Game I forget the name of, or had the jumpscare in 2D. Furthermore, I felt the game relied a tad bit too much on the big man jumpscare. Like jumpscares are good and all as a quick payoff, or as a big finale at the end of the test, but I feel that the game could have taken the unsettling feeling it sets up throughout and left the player with that if it didnt try and get a quick scare out off you so frequently.  So I guess, in conclusion? An excellent premise that ended up a tad too railroaded.  (Although I do hope the game developers are reading this review because I would definetely love to see what they could do with this information. You guys have the skill and passion to make a truly horrifying game, and I really want to see you guys do that.)
awesome game. you have to play it alone in the dark with headphones(!!!)
I liked the game. Made me scared and a little paranoid, and the soundtrack was awesome! Great work! There's a few things that need improvement tho, [spoiler] like jumpscares (those screenshakes worked better than the actual jumpscare) and the questions could be more multidimensional, but I totally had good experience with the game. It was nice hunting those hidden achievements (also could've been deeper thing tho). [/spoiler]   Overall totally worth it imo! c:
Good psycological build up, onlt to disappoint with jump scarews that aren't scary. Woth SOME money, I suppose. Not $5 though. If it where $0.99, I'd be all for it, but there really isn't anything here but a psych out that don't last more than half an hour at most. Don't let my Thumbs-up or Thumbs-down decieve you. It's good, just again, not much, considering it's $5.
I am a huge fan of psychological horror, this game executes that amazingly in the guise of a test, the only exception would be the jump scares, they took away from the slow burn of the anxiety.
Quite a fun time. I played it a few times, it's fun to see how answering different ways leads down a slightly different path.
SCARED THE CRAO OUT OF ME good *air quotes* game
Nice game lol
Absolutely incredible game, I do reccomend the developer remove the jumpscares though.  It ruins the fear and anxiety of something happening.  Instead of jumpscares, just have, just have the test glitch out or something an emit a really high pitched noise.  It's starting and fits the atmosphere.
Fun! A lil cheesy here and there, although honestly, as I was not phased by any 'jumpscares' . . . it's kinda fine?  Those aside, the creep factor was enjoyable! Despite any better judgement, I got pretty antsy. Not a life changing experience, mind you, but I do super recommend this if you wanna get gently spooked for 20 minutes. This review is not applicable if you are a courageous shane madej type.
A real thrill, short and sweet, not outright terrifying but it got my lizard brain in a panic.  If you can afford it, have some good headphones/earphones for maximum effect.  I wasn't too scared, but then again, I had my warhammer in one or both hands the whole time.
It's just so well made. I felt uneasy the whole time :D I definitely recommend it!
The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. Wait, what I meant to say was The Watson-Scott Test is a psychological test that progressively gets more creepy as you continue. Do you have the courage to take this test or do you need to hold someone's hand while you play? I highly recommend this.
The test is good and  i enjoyed it. A few things that sounded corny was asking if i was scared yet or somebody is at my house. That wil lscare a 10 year old at home... However theres some pretty good moments.. in overall i will say 7.5/10.. Heres my go https://youtu.be/k852vv7MF3s
Great game I love it! Here is my video here. If you want to check out my video click here :) https://youtu.be/4fMRaMdQlbg
I wish I could say "it depends" for the "Do you reccommend this game?" For me, it was disappointing and not even worth 5 dollars. But I'm guessing that's because I don't easily get scared by horror. I love horror, it's my favorite genre. But this was too short and didn't have enough depth to grab my attention. The whole "I'm in your house" thing didn't work for me because 1. I have a dog who barks viciously at every little sound, and 2. I was sitting on my couch with my back against the wall, so the whole "I'm behind you" thing was more silly than scary. I did wish it played more on personal fears and tried to make the experience unique. I was expecting it to catch on that I wasn't afraid of this murderer it was giving me, and would move on to different scares. But maybe I'm expecting too much of it? Hopefully it will continue to update and add more to the experience.  If you get scared easily and enjoy being scared, then yes I do reccomend this. The art was cool, and I'm a sucker for the glitch thing. But if you find the image of a man being force-fed guts more appealing than scary, like me, then this isn't the game for you.  I'm not gonna ask for a refund though, cuz this game has promise. Here's to hoping it will continue to update and broaden its horizons.
Nice little horror test/game. My results were scarily accurate, except for the part where it shows what my greatest fear is. I'm pretty sure everyone gets te same answer for that no matter what.  The atmosphere was pretty good, but I think it would've been more unsettling if they had made the sound effects less loud, as if they were just whispers. The stupidly loud groaning and knocking which should have been subtle kind of ruined the immersion (like "yeah you're trying to freak me out I get it!" ). The jumpscares were a bit bland as well since they're the same thing every time.   But overall it was worth the money.
God dammit this game was amazing! I love this, recommand a lot!
I recorded this for Halloween in a lets play, and I'm not gonna lie... at one point, I honestly did not feel safe in my own home. This got into my head, and those are the horror stories I prefer the most. Not the blood and gore, but the kind that leaves you messed up afterward.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUhpXbqF73I
Do ONLY play this game when you're all alone in your house/apartment. No dogs. Otherwise it doesn't work.
Game asked me if my door was locked. I was so sure that it was.  It wasn't.   10/10 would poop my pants again
It's a test not a game. ;)  It's a test not a game.  There was a point I got scared for sure lol. I had JUST picked up my cat while I was playing and thought to myself "fuck the next question is going to mention cats isn't it.." because of the paranoia and anxiety it induces to you. But WHY DID IT LITERALLY ACTUALLY HAVE A QUESTION ABOUT A CAT NEXT that was freaky and awesome. (I wish I was joking, I must have beginner's luck on that point)  I wouldn't say the price is worth it (maybe nick it down a dollar or two it's still worthy of money with how intense and accurate it is) But with how in depth the questions are, even taking it multiple times with different lead ups led to the same conclusion about me even though my result differs quite a bit from other's results I've seen soooo yeah.   It's meant to be answered truthfully with every quirk of your personality. If you're a vegan be a vegan if you wanna grow wings as an answer then drink a red bull and grow them-k done being weird with that (there IS an answer that says grow wings though and that was my exact thought and I found myself choosing it despite the fact the question was ACTUALLY looking to see if you're logical, idealistic, or cunning. I just went fantasy escapism in dire circumstances with that answer instead. I'm gonna make all my friends play it when they come over. It'll be fun to say here I'll be right back and then scare them as I return with a pizza or something.
It keeps you on edge at all times, its great.
A bit on the short side, the jumpscares felt a bit unnessary, and the slow text was a little bit annoying when playing the game multiple times. Over all though, I really enjoyed this game. The audio really helps to build the spooky atmosphere (headphones recommended). I also just really liked the concept of the game as well.
Scared me SHITLESS, scariest game i've ever played yet (even tho i don't usually play horror games) but will play Visage soon. of course it was scary cause of the jumpcares but the atmosphere and pictures (background too) was rlly nice. loved this game, buy it if u want to piss ur pants
Wish I could leave an ambivalent review. Loved the meat of the game, but the goofy jump scare at the end was more silly than scary and kind of deflated the rest of the game. Don't show the monster if you want to be creepy, guys. Not just literally showing a monster, but don't give people some concrete thing to pin their fear on, like a sudden image and nosie.
Absolutely nerve-frying. Highly recommend.
I pooped a little. Bravo. Well worth the less than 4 quid it costs... skip Starbucks today.
I feel like going into this game it was an interesting experience. The first test was promising because it linked the video game aspects to the real life of the player. The choices could of been more diverse and end with a more promising ending. Some of the replies to the choices made were good but didn't progress to anything meaningful.   The second test wasn't as interesting as the first, having only a small amount of suspensful moments as the first test. There were no results after the second test unlike the first test. Ultimatly the second test lead no where other than the achivements hidden inside it.   Overall I feel like it was a good little game.
I absolutely love this game. Everything it did to me was awsome. The flaw to me is that it wasn't longer and it didn't really give me any replay needs. Sure I can take the test again and see what it says but after doing it the first time the fear wore off. More tests, more hidden secrets, and then I'll come back to this gem. But for now, I rate this game a 8.5 out of 10. (My full play of this will be on youtube this Halloween)
Fun and enjoyable, shouldn't be $5 though.
spooked me good. Loved it. It's like, low key horror, the stuff you can't just walk away from. I gotta say, I'm not a fan of horror games but I love this one
It's a really good horror game. I like how it makes you paranoid
THAT WAS SO FUCKING AWESOME!!!!
It was a run of the mill thing trying to get into your head, it wasnt bad but probably wont scare many horror fans/junkies. Would probably freak out your friend who doesnt play horror games. Probably would have been better if i wore earbuds while playing lol. Not a bad game for lonly $5
This game was amazing. Even in broad daylight I was terrified. I screamed and threw my headphones a quite a few times. I recommend this game to anyone who wants to be scared out of their wits. The results were scarily accuate too. 10/10 Would recommend again and again. I'll play it again and again too!
I personally enjoyed it and got pretty spooked. It had an anxious ambience overall and I would recommend this. My results where even true which honestly surprised me.
Pretty wicked, played on some of my anxieties so I love it.
1 fak you and your freaking atmosphere and 2 wtf is this?!  Seriously now, great game and it made me HATE it! I have never experienced that before and the closest I ever got to that was simulacra.... The Watson-Scott Test? INCREDIBLE Sound is realistic, atmosphere made me poop my pants, questions are really creepy and the visuals are absolutely perfect  For me, this is my favourite game of the past 3years and my favourite horror game of all time!  Developer/s you did a fantastic job!
When I first picked up this game I saw that it was a personality test, with horror elements. I didn't expect it to be a spooky experience, so if that's what you're looking for, you'll be disapointed;  However if you're still interested you may continue reading.  The Watson-Scott test immediatly hypes itself by talking about how people die while taking it (While obviously a part of the atmosphere of the 'horror game', it was non the less eye-roll inducing). You begin answering questions (some of which are interesting, others less so) Later in the test it trys to 'break the fourth wall' by having you answer questions like "did you know your front door was unlocked" while playing sounds of a door opening and footsteps. While this and the obligitory jumpscare are sub-par one question jumped out to me, that being something like;  If I was torturing you and I said i'd end the pain, however to do so I will break one of your arms, which one would you pick?  A. Left  B. Right  (followed by the question that made me think)  Now saying that, which arm do you think i'd break?  A. Your Left B. My Left C. Your Right D. My Right  The question jumped out to me because it made me think how questions as simple as the ones presented could be misconstrued to be more sinister than previously presented.  However this was the one (and only) question that actually made me think in depth (sadly) The rest of the game goes by as expected until the obligitory jumpscare.  The aftergame is what confuses me the most however, in a psycological horror game why is the endgame a test about seemigly random facts? It doesn't fit at all too me and feels contrived for no other reason to add just a sliver of extra 'content'.  TL;DR  The game can be good for a question or two but after that the test falls into generic tropes, effectivley ending the content.
Took game for video recording in a dark room by myself. 8/10 would test again.
Well.... that was an interesting trip to the uncanny valley for me.   I'm not a fan of horror games, per se. I've played some, not enjoying them all that much. Either the game mechanics just didn't suit me or the atmosphere was meh.  This game does create spooky atmosphere, if you allow yourself to immerse in it. Make your room as dark as possible, put on your headphones and let the sounds make your mind imagine the horrors.  To the developer:  Jumpscares (or cheapscares as I call them now) are so last season. People have become used to them. Human mind is a strange thing. If you see the threat, you know you can face it, you can deal with it, it's alright, it just went by.   But when the fear is unknown. When your mind plays tricks with you. That's true horror. You can't fight against your mind, when its set on the fright mode. Even Stephen King said that your mind is the scariest place of all.   Let's take Amnesia: The Dark Descent as an example. The monster is scary, you can't fight it, you can only run and hide. But that threat is counterable. The shadow haunts you, but you know what you must do to get rid of it. But the water monster. We all remember what it was like. Something unknown... in the water... chasing you relentlessly until it catches you or you get to safety.   I like horror like that. That which is unknown but still affects our imagination. Jumpscares... meh. Not so much. Some people just want the rush of adrenaline, but you can get that from a bungee jump.  TL:DR  Builds the atmosphere nicely, gets you to the uncanny valley if you immerse yourself in it. Jumpscares either effect you or they do not. You know when they are coming. (Brace yourselves, the jumpscares are coming.) The 3D sounds are nice.  Very short. Replayability on the scale from 1 to 10, I'd say 2, unless you want all the achievements.  Buy on a sale. 
I don't think the game is worth $5, but I DID enjoy it. It's a short, spooky little experience, and the personality test results were scarily accurate for me at least. If you have the money to spare and feel like a quick scare, I recommend this!
SCARY A F
Not a fully conclusive metric of killing you but warrants future study
Definitely worth it, needed the living shit scared out of me xD
I see a lot of negative reviews, and I can see where they are coming from in ways but I feel the game's experience is different for everyone, and some people wanted more out of the experience. I enjoyed the test immensely though. I was unsettled and nervous through all of it. I do agree that the game/test would have been better without the jumpscares, as the jumpscares take away from it all in my opinion and they also look very cheap and out of place. The backgrounds and photos are really neat and I like that the way you answer certain questions will change what questions and scenarios you get. I noticed the strange mask in the bottom left and somehow I got more nervous when he left the screen than when he was on the screen haha. Overall, I enjoyed my time playing this and I highly reccomend it for anyone wanting a cheap thrill. :)
I appreciate the game for what it is. I think people go in expecting the wrong type of game. This game is creepy and fun. I suggest playing with headphones as this provides a much better experience. You answer several questions and get interesting reponses with a brilliant soundscape in the background. There is no skill involved.   I do think it is important to tell people about jumpscares especially if you expect them to wear headphones. I equate these to yelling in someone's ear... and find them more rude than scary. In my opinion, the game is better without them. It ruins the creepy vibe.   [spoiler] there is a jumpscare at the very end of the first test that happens twice, and the second test has several depending on how many questions you get wrong. It's mostly noise and a CP scary face/torso [/spoiler]   Overall I appreciate what these two developers did, and I think there is a lot of potential with the concept! 20 mins of gametime for a good sale price is what I would say.
I mean, it is kind of short... But overall great atomosphere. I went into it expecting it to be a little creepy, and wasn't disappointed. Nice game for Halloween.
I went through the first test for a video and got anxiety (and was crying dunno why)  Thanks game that was nice experience.
Pretty short tbh. I still really enjoyed it, but i wouldn't mind more content. It is quite cheap though so it might not be that short compared to the price. I guess i just expected morre..   You SHOULD play this game when your home alone and in a dark room. (Kinda obvious but, use a headset with surround sound). This game no joke terrified me. It honestly made me so f**king paranoid, so maybe don't play it if you can't handle horror games?
Just play the....g...g...game
There was banging. There was groaning. There was sweet nothings whispered closely into my ear. There was definitely an O sound involved.  If this sounds like your idea of a good time then this game is for you.  You can watch some of this to get an idea of what I went through: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3yWPCjxDn8
Note: I've made this review rather late at noght and I tend to get distracted easily. So because of this there might be a chance that I've interpreted the goal of the creators of this game completely wrong and that the things mentioned in this review is utterly useless. So if I experienced anything different than intended, please tell me. I'm always open for feedback so that I can improve personally. Well, here goes nothing:   This "test"/game is an interesting concept. The idea is there but for me there is still a lot to be desired. What lacked to me for the most part is the immersion. Any player is going into this game with there mind set that this is just a game and it is going to be challenging to change this, but I believe it isn't possible. I love things that get psychological, and even though it was there in this game, it wasn't much. A cause of that may be because most of the questions are about how the player feels about something, but when that question is answered, it just moved on. I would've loved it if there were sub-questions going in on the player's answers trying to get to know that person why they feel that way about a certain thing. And then later on in the test using that information to mess/trick the players mind a little bit. Magnifying the psychologycal effect.  Another thing except for asking sub-question is the personalisation of the questions. The questions that were asked were/felt rather generic. And throughout the game I had the feeling that the person who was talking to me had no clue who I was. Maybe that could be because most scenario questions were with either strangers or with things you aren't emotionalled attatched to. I would like to have had questions that involved family members, life threatning or not. It would've made it feel that little bit more realistic. (which can in turn also help out the horror aspect of this game)  At last I would've liked to be able to comment on the horror aspect. But since I've never have played any horror games and thus haven't experienced other ways of getting scared, it feels like I don't have the right to say anything about it. However only jumpscares would get boring, maybe add an additional way to get scared. Words can become powerfull when used right.  I know that trying to realise this into the game would be extremely difficult and would take quite a while. And I do not even expect the tiniest bit that this will be up for consideration. All I want is to give my opinion on this quite interesting game and help the developers to create the game that they want, not what I want.  I hope to see great things in the future with this game. And good job if you've survived my pandering.      ~Squiddy  Just out of curiosity: if you were to play a virtual reality shooter against other online players and killing their characters ingame. What if that bullet you killed that character with, also killed that player in the real world. And if you didn't shoot them, you or someone you loved would be killed, could you still pull the trigger?
It't just wonerful I can't say anything else.
the naked man
I love personality games. A must have game
A game that plays with the fear of the unknown. It's primary focus is to make the player progressively paranoid with small visual and audio cues, saving any form of jump scare for late game play. It is, in my opinion, effectively utilising psychological triggers against the user and I would not recommend it to anyone with a weak stomach or tolerance to traumatic triggers.  Despite how short it is, the game's ability to remember your actions and change depending on your progress creates a further sense of mysticism which increases re-playability.
Very interesting. Perhaps not worth $5 for the amount of time it takes to get through the game and the experience as a whole, but I still found this enjoyable. It's a new meta type horror game that tries to break bounderies and leaves a lot to the imagination. Personally, was not very scared at anything that it threw at me and it broke the immersion with the theoretical questions and conclusions it gave me, very inaccurate. Also, the jumpscares were very cheap and, frankly, I wish they were excluded from the game.  "Steam's 3D spatial audio," is very well implimented and sucks you into a very good immersive space when playing with headphones/earbuds. The sounds that were used were well placed and timed, as well as being of high quality.  The AI "personality" was very reminiscent of GLaDOS in the sense that it was brash and cold to the player character, but that's where the similarities end, since it was not for comidic effect.  Overall, the game creates a spectacular atmosphere and the branching questions and lines of text are very unique in how they are presented. Although it might not be the prettiest to look at, or have the best scares, I would recommend this game for the experience alone.
While the game has a very good atmosphere and made me very anxious, I feel the very few jumpscares it had were jarring and broke my immersion. It didn't focus on exploring my fears that much, and focused on the feeling that you're not alone. While that was unnerving even though I know I am safe, I felt the ending was a bit lackluster, and that the game had hyped itself up in my eyes a tad too much. The sounds in the background were what made me the most anxious, even though some of them were a focused on a bit too much. Also the use of foggy or unclear pictures in the dark background were fun to catch, and made me generally anxious of what I would see next in the background TLDR: Good tension, jumpscares broke immersion, a generally fun time with great use of audio.
Fun little psychological horror game. Jumpscares are repepitive and cheesy but other than that, an overall good experience.
I like this game so much, thanks to this game now i have... nothing, i'm the same boring person. But this game is so entertaining.
I loved the horror aspects of this game. It lured me in from the beginning, building the tension until it snaps with an energetic frightening experience! It gets your heart pumping, you feet bouncing, and really lets you feel that fight-or-flight tug of war. Excellent and well done, developers. It was a pleasure to play!
Amazing game I do reccomend
Fun for a one off.
This game is amazing, despite what bad reviews said. If you like choice/personality test kind of horror games, this one is for you. The "tests" themselves are never the same, always changing when you replay the game. [Dont need to reinstall to redo.] Though, if you have Arachnophobia, do be warned of the images the game shows, The jumpscares can be seen coming before you actually see them and the 3D effect to them is very nice. The ambience makes it even more creepier.  Overall, 10/10 for everything. Would tell friends, and family to buy.
I enjoyed this. While I found most of the pop-up jump scares more cheesy than scary, the rest of the experience was unique and fun. While I was a little dissapointed in my results and didn't quite see how my deepest fear was being beaten to death with a hammer, the gradual build up and escalation in the questions and their answer choices was entertaining to see. I thought the various statements of "I'm in your house", "Are you sure you're alone?", or "Look away from your monitor to the nearest exit" were also kind of cheesy, but then the sound effects of someone breathing and shuffling that sounded like it was right over my shoulder made my skin crawl. Bravo at the psychological priming you did with that, it worked with the well-done, eerily realistic sound effects.  All in all, I'd say its worth a quick play through. I might even go back to see what the "F*ck you" answer choice gives me... along with some of the other different answer choices.  I hope the developers keep going with this game and add more content. I'd like to see them stay away from those corny jumpscares that are annoyingly similar to the Five Night's at Freddy's death sequences and take more advantage of the priming they did with images and text. THAT was something that was relatively fresh and unique to experience, as many modern horror games rely too much on the cheap jump scares that I'm honestly desensitized to at this point.  Good luck developers! Please keep working with this!  Here's my playthough of the game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNv0L2LBOPQ  I should mention that $4.99 is a little high, in my opinion, for the current state of the game. I've played games for the same price or less that have far more content and replayability than this. IF more content is added, then perhaps the price would be more appropriate.
I actually didn't mind this game. I watched Jack play it first, but my choices and results were slightly different than his. I'm pleased that there is a little variation in this game, and it definitely will be a joy to scare my friends with it when they come over (all of them, scaredy cats I tells ya). Glad I'll be able to share it with people I care about... And scare about!
The game is amazing, outstanding, and accomplishes what it was made for, being a psychological horror game. The questions constantly make you study your surroundings to see if anything's changed or to take off your headphones to see what may be just outside your door. As the game recommends best to be played in a dark room, alone, and with headphones to get the full experience.
So... what does 570260745296642305 mean?
This game was just incredible. I mean yeah the jumpscares were kind of unpredictable but it scared me every time. The buildup of the atmosphere was just incredible too, the sound design is very good too. Just can not talk badly about it. Incredible game. I'd love to see what more the developers have to offer!
fun but set on one track and doesnt feel like your getting many choices but still recomended for anyone who wants a good scare
It was a pretty short but effective game. I don't play too much horror so keep that in mind but I really enjoyed/hated this game. It's very unique with very well done sound design. The game gets in your head and gives you about 20 minutes of unique scares and mild psycholgical horror.
Ok so... how am i going to put this.. As a huge fan of Psychology and horror i can say that i really loved my experience with Wattson-Scott test! I was actually watching Jacksepticeye's let's play video from it and after the one minute mark i got fascinated by it and i had to look it up from steam. After a quick search i found it and bought it, hoping that it will be worth the price, it was a bit weird to see a test having a 3€ price tag but it was okay i guess.. I started playing the test and it asked me the questions like it should and gave me the results after about 19 minutes, leaving my heart pumping faster it has ever done before and making me sweat a lot. I actually had to clap my hands in the end because it was so good. I hope that i could get my hands on psychological and horror filled games and tests like these in the future! Loved it! I would give it a 9+/10. The only small minus being the price, the test/game is pretty short in the end.
the game found out what i was afraid of most in under 20 minutes and it was true  ...im scared now
The gameplay is simple, but gradually gets into your mind and absorbs you.  It's a great and original concept that I think has even more potential to go further.  Great use of sound and effects to  reel you in, and send shivers down your spine.  Would recommend headphones, lights off, and playing at night... or not recommend depending on how vulnerable you're feeling
This game is pretty good at spooking. Good for a quick halloweeny time. Also, jumpscares.
Theres nothing much I can say about this, this scared me and everyone that I tricked into playing this lol
It was a cute game lots of rainbows and cookies would fap again
*Spoilers?* Because one dude got mad that I mentioned the number of jumpscares in the game.  Not exactly a horror game, at least not in my opinion. It was creepy, ya, but the scares were pretty cheap. Mostly it was focused on making you paranoid about an intruder in your house, and at the moment I live in a dorm, so it didn't get to me much. Other than that there's some lovely screamy audio that gets pretty annoying after a while and... 3? cheap jumpscares in the first go through.  That said I'm still reccomending it because it's a pretty interesting idea and I think that this could be taken in an interesting direction in the future if the developer decides to push this idea farther.  May I reccomend: More body horror, would-you-rather type questions, and also fewer... screams.
Good sound effects and an interesting take on a horror game! For what you're paying, it's pretty good. I got some spooks out of it, even got called a liar despite never lying, aight.
This was super good scary fun. The audio and graphics created an uncomfortable, tense atmosphere, and only nervous laughter got me through. I wasn't expecting it to go down the path it did. I think £3.99 might be somewhat of a stretch, as I completed the game in 19 minutes. I'll admit - the jumpscare got me, but I didn't appreciate it as much as the rest of the game. I think using other methods, such as voice audio or slow transitions, would have suited the style of the game and made for a more satisfying scare. Jumpscares such as this can ruin the experience of "This Is Not A Game".   That being said, I did enjoy playing this and would absolutely reccomend if you like creepy atmosphere, nervous laughter, mystery, and sorta kinda fearing for your life a bit. But it's all a game... right?
I am a fan of psychological analysis tests like this, but at the same time l feel as if the game hyped itself up to offer more than it really gave. In truth this game is really not as intense as it tries to make itself out to be, and the few jumpscares it has are both minimal and cheap. I played the game twice through to see if the test became more intense and/or changed drastically with different answers, but all in all it's generally the same experience no matter. The answers you pick have no real effect on your experience and only focus on one fear (home invasion) rather than changing based on your specific fears, something that you might have expected from this type of game.  Still the little atmosphere the game does try to build can be unnerving and creepy at times, the visuals and sfx is good, and if you ARE scared of home invasion (I'm personally not), then this might actually be a good horror experience for you. It's really not the worst horror game out there. At most it's a bit underwhemling and maybe even a little edgy, but still a kind of entertaining game. With it's cheap price tag I can't help but recommend playing it at least once, whether for genuine scares or just for laughs.
They only want to participate...  Oh also, I'm a bit confused at a certain part. I dont want to spoil this part of the game - especially because I think this is a bit that is under development- but it gave me a code and said something like "ask for more information". it had a green outline around it. I couldnt find a new option in the game, and I only have one more achievement to go (it may have something to do with this, but I dont know).  So, 'ello! Here I am, asking for more information haha
Very good test
I had fun playing it but it was not scary at all. Just some jumpscares. I tought it would be more... ...real.
After watching Jacksepticeye play this, I decided to play it for myself. The jumpscares are a bit Five Nights at Freddy's esque but the overall experience was enjoyable and entertaining. It's a little bit buggy with some of the achievements from what I've seen but I liked finding the easter eggs that I could find. I'd say, give the game a shot!
As the description of the game says it is very short and was made by two programmers in a short amount of time.  The game has few jumpscares and so on (don't wanna spoil). This game is as far as I know the first game Normal Wholesome Games have sold on steam (they might have other games somewhere available too).  I'd say the game can be worth the price, if you play it in the dark and nobody is near you or you are home alone! I honestly hope the game gets more tests and more spooky stuff in the near future! 
This game made me so uncomfortable and scared, I love it. You must play this with headphones for the full scary experience. 10/10, would shit my pants again.
Fairly good vibes, and while it didn't really hit the spot, I could see a good game buried in here somewhere.   That being said, jumpscares? Really? Come on, y'all had a good atmosphere going and then had to ruin the immersion by making me remove my headphones.
It wasnt the worst thing ive ever played.  Jumpscares we obvious after the first one. Wasnt terrible for a 20 minute long multiple choice whatever you call this game.  4/10
Interesting "game" and i have to admit the analysis was unexpectedly accurate.
Very interesting, it focusses more on the quantitive side of trading, which is ofcrouse logical granted that it is about FX trades. Would recommend to learning how to trade with quantitative methods
Thanks guys That's a very exiting game I never played!  I used 100X lever to buy and sell.
[i]SCUOS[/i] is a little puzzle game about replicating a bi-color grid pattern that is randomly generated with each new level. The trick is that the given pattern is most often rotated by 90° or 180°, therefore it’s not always trivial to reproduce it to the new grid, even if the grid size is rather small (there are three difficulty types to choose from: 4x4, 5x5 and 6x6). The levels flow one after another in an endless-mode style, with each successfully completed level adding a few seconds to the time left until the game ends.   https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1699760705 [i]SCUOS[/i] maintains an overall alert pace due to the short time it takes to complete each level and the pleasant electronic soundtrack certainly helps keeping up with it. The achievements are designed so that they can be easily obtained, requiring you to complete 50 levels on each difficulty (the values can be gathered over multiple playthroughs) and that takes roughly 30 min in total.  I was a bit reluctant before buying [i]SCUOS[/i], because I don’t do well with relative maps; however, after a few levels, I found it really easy to adapt my mind, even to those upside down patterns. The game is not only fun, but also a good training for people who have similar difficulties. Definitely worth buying it, not only for that, but also for the high replayability and the enjoyable music.  [quote]More reviews on the [url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/11354094]Lilly's Corner Curator page[/url][/quote]
Mei is a balanced character that can collect stars or go for wins depending on how early she gets her special gift card. When she has no cards in her hand, she receives Red & Blue: a gift card that boosts all of her combat stats by 1 and powers up her hyper. Normally, White Christsmasher deals a minor 2 damage to players on the same tile as you. With Red & Blue, it transforms into True White Christsmasher and deals 4 damage to everyone within one tile of you. This is enough to one-shot a large portion of the cast. She can be very strong when she has Red & Blue, but under-performs otherwise due to her low health, mediocre combat stats, and lackluster hyper. This leads to her being rather feast or famine depending on whether she can dump her hand quickly, or is stuck holding high level cards that she has no hope of playing.  Natsumi is 100% Orange Juice's first healer and one of the few dedicated support characters. Natsumi wins the game by passively collecting stars while healing opponents with Dinner and her hyper Cooking Time. Her passive gives her stars whenever she heals another player and heals players on the same space as her at the end of her turn. Her healing can be used politically or to deny bullies from getting KOs against other players. The downside is that she is rather poor at defending herself and mostly relies on healing, warps, and goodwill to stay safe.  Natsumi is the main reason you would get this pack, as there is no other character like her in the game. Mei can be fun to play as well, but I would not count her among the must-have characters. If you aren't interested in playing Natsumi, there is little reason to purchase this pack.  This pack comes with the Red & Blue pet, which is unlocked immediately.
Mei Theme Best Theme
QT knifey wifey.
bought this dlc for mei. i really love her music so much. probably the cutest music in game for me
natsumi a cutie.
eat to live
Natsumi confirmed as best girl now
Two lovely Persians are waiting for you! Natsumi is a medical cook, and Mei has a dangerous hyper with area damage. In general, run to buy soon! Nya nya nya) Два милых перса ждет вас! Натсуми повар-медик, а Мей имеет опасный гипер с уроном по площади. Вообщем бегите покупать скорее!!! Ня ня ня)
prob my fav dlc of this game yet, i love it
[H1]Part 1: Natsumi[/H1] Wielding a knife doesn't mean Natsumi is aggressive. In fact, she's a peaceful character that benefits from healing other players. So.. Just don't kill and don't be killed, ok? Her theme is great and her sound is just kawaii enough that I really want to pat her.  [H1]Part 2: Mei[/H1] Mei's play style is somehow offensive, but most of the time you have to defend to make your Hyper useful, and her base stat really screws that (4/±0/±0/±0/5). Though with the power of Red and Blu (obtained when you end your turn with no cards in hand, which makes her 4/+1/+1/+1/5, and of course, this power expires if you suffer KO), she does do a good job in battle, and her hyper will be even more dangerous. But starting with a card you can't use or you keep drawing cards that you can't use is really a pain in the ass. (My personal opinion: reduce the REC to 4.) Great theme and cute voice, hooray!  Thank you, dev. For making the game better and better!
I would really like to write a serious review of this DLC but I am unable to, being hypnotized by the character's sprites and hyper art's cuteness
cute character and pets lol
Fun and Tricky Characters  Natsumi for Stars gaining norma (even thought she carrying a knife she's not a battle character) Mei for Battle norma both has their unique passive that can turn the table on  Natsumi Voice 10/10 that angelic voice <3
Paid my OJ tribute.
its mei
I thought I escaped this hell, but new DLC dragged me back...
Best cook~
Eh was decent enough for $1.99. Good time killer and interesting mechanics
Decent Brain Teaser in arranging alphabets in order within limited moves. (hard)  Completing all puzzles in Hard difficulty  will trigger both Hard and Easy upon total completion.  Playable. 
Fun puzzle game with some interesting variations. This game offers as "easy" mode as well as a "hard" mode from the first game. Ideal for a casual drop in and play for a while situation.
Get it on sale and enjoy the weirdness for an hour (that's probably the maximum playtime you can get out of this game). It's a weird and fun game which is kinda infuriating as each story has to be gone through in its full length. I wish there was a way of picking the mini-game directly. There is no replay value but that's not a big deal.  No complains, though, because I got it on sale for an insanely low cost of 38 INR (50 cents in USD)
Weird game with nice minigames but very short
This was what the hell But such a laught good little fun game if you are bord i'll leave it at that so you can see for your self :)
Innovative little casual game. Lots of funny monologues. Some of the mini-games are better than others. I definitely got stuck on a couple of rather frustrating puzzles. Check it out yourself.  https://youtu.be/Ocno2xuPWrA
A surprisingly fun little time killer, that I thought I would give a go for an hour one evening. 3 hours later I was still trying to climb the leaderboard and figure out the best set up for tower combos.  The game is fun, the selection of towers is reasonably diverse but ultimately, I found myself using no more than 2/3 different types each game, having them all upgraded by wave 30 and then just waiting around until I could no longer kill the enemies and find the balance of air vs land/sea.  Has a fun art style that doesn't look like it will become dated, sounds and music is pretty good overall although I personally turn it listen to my own music.   Considering some of the other small indie games on steam, this is definitely one worth picking up, especially if updates are to come.
This game is highly addictive and you can find yourself playing for hours trying to beat your high score. I like the map generation feature that allows almost endless possibilities to play different maps. I would definitely recommend this game for the fact that it's well priced, entertaining for a long time and you will find yourself constantly trying to beat your high score!
Fun, casual tower defence games with just enough depth to keep you interested. Gets pretty intense in the late-game where the enemies take a lot to defeat. Has a good level of strategy that doesn't require an intense amount of thought such as allowing you to set individual priorities for towers and placing them out of range of disruptors.  Great for killing a few hours, looking forward to more
It's a great little time waster that can get pretty hectic. I think it'll be hard for me to get sick of this game considering how fun it is with all of the wacky and yet awesome tactics you can do. Plus there is an online leaderboard to compare your scores with other people! Overall I have to say this game has me hooked in a pleasent way.
Very enjoyable Tower Defense title once you have had a couple of run throughs to confirm tower abilities and tactics.  Had initial problems placing sea blocks and taking down stealth drones (you need flak towers not missiles!), but am now looking forward to new maps and harder levels.  Requires good "combined arms" tactics and the sea blocks give rise to very  interesting path options. Would not mind the option of "barrage balloons" to be able to influence air paths(even if their use is limited) as in some maps you can die fairly quickly from minimal options for air defense.  The leaderboard gives you incentive to improve - although you need to select the map carefully if you want to compete on the board. The ability to use the copy option on the leaderboard is useful if you want to try thre map that achieved the high scores.
Island invasion is a fun, fast paced tower defence game. I really enjoy the retro-futuristic graphics, the unique towers (the laser tower is just so satifying to watch in action) and the music/SFX. The mining and path blocking elements add something a bit different to the game that I'd not seen before in other tower defence games I've played.  Its a great little game that you can have a blast at and keep coming back to and at £3.99 its a steal  For full disclouse, I helped in the beta testing of island invasion, however I enjoyed it so much I purchased my own copy as soon as it was available.
I love the art in this game. The puzzles are nice, and the mechanics are nice as well. There's a feature that will outline the pieces so you can see them against the dark background better.  
Worked fine using windows 10 but when using Kubuntu 18.04.1 linux the executable file would not show up in the downloaded files and the game would not run. An error message was presented providing things to try to correct the situation. After trying the suggestions nothing helped and still cannot run game. Update 04-29-2019. The executable has downloaded in Linux and the game runs well.
Wow, this is fun. There are only a few puzzles but they come with different number of pieces. These honeys are very hot, and there is no lewdness so far, which is good. This is a very relaxing puzzle game.
This is like the follow-up game Hentai Jigsaw Puzzle except with more fantasy/gothic-themed artwork and no nudity. This one has a little more game in it as while there are only 5 puzzle sizes compared to 6, you get 20 different puzzles instead of 14. The artwork is fantastic, very well-detailed and highly attractive. It plays the same as the other game, has the annoying timer but this one's difficulty seems a little easier, you can play with a mouse or touchscreen but touchscreen seems better. A fine puzzle game for the price, get the bundle or catch a sale for a better deal. If you're picking between the two, I'd start with this one unless you absolutely must have bare anime breasts above all else.
Dark fantasy is a jigsaw puzzle game, its very good, the gameplay is great, the soundtrack is great, and no credits roll after finishing the game? well thats is ok because the art is great, the ui is great, and the casual player will like it.  +amazing gameplay +awesome soundtrack +cool sound effects  10/10
Really cool dark fantasy art and works well with a controller. Hearing the same song over again and again gets a little tedious even if it sets the right mood but overall it's a good casual jigsaw game.
Hardly the cheapestest (even for this price, yup), yet definitely not the most unpleasant way to have another game with 100% achievements for your Steam profile.
Nice relaxing puzzle !
Very relaxing Great art Sadly sound track is not very good , but I still enjoyed
tl:dr  Unless you're opposed to puzzles in general - or images of attractive women partially clothed, it's going to be really hard to go wrong. This $2 program far exceeded my expectations.   For the asking price I wondered if something might be wrong with this puzzle game. Or at least, not up to par. Not really, unless you count only 20 images. The pictures are nice quality. The sound and visual effects are very good. I only noticed a couple of minor issues.   One interesting aspect I've nto run into before is the game has par times for each puzzle (and each size of puzzle). I feel like the par times are a bit too long. They don't offer a lot of challenge to beat. That can be nice if you don't feel like reworking the puzzle and do want the three gold stars though.   My only real complaint about the program is that each picture can be finished in several sizes ranging from 12 pieces to 192. I'd rather have a variety of images with one puzzle size. I'm really not interested in working the same image over and over. This isn't the only puzzle game that does that - it seems to be a "thing" with many of them. On the plus side, if you're after the achievements, finishing the puzzle in the largest size does give you the achievements for the other sizes as well.   At the time of this review I've only spent half an hour with the game, but it's quite simple and straight forward. The pictures are high enough quality to more than warrant the asking price.  The sound and graphics effects are quite good. There is a nifty lava effect when dropping pieces in that looks cool too. There isn't much music and it's noticable that it repeats every few minutes. The music that is there isn't bad though.  If I was going to be nit-picky, I'd also mention that particularly on the largest size, part of the edge pieces are covered by frame of the picture when they are dropped in. It's really not a big deal and I debated even mentioning it...  + Graphics - Interface is simple and pleasant to look at. Neat effect when dropping pieces into a puzzle. + Images - Reasonably high quality. From what I've seen so far, there's no compression artifacts. + Audio - Decent sounds get the job done.  - Music - What there is, is ok. But there's not much of it. - No audio volume slider. You can use windows volume of course, but any program should have it's own.   Overall I very much recommend! Would be wonderful if more types of fantasy images were released as dlc. Either way, this is a steal for the price.
Great music and good puzzles. Really nice way to pass time.
The arts and the music are a plus to this game, buy it if you like jigsaw Puzzles and beautiful Fantasy arts ! Especially for this cheap price
A jigsaw puzzle containing elements of good dark fantasy stuff. Plus it's handy with the darkened image of the picture you're attempting to put together. Although some might think that almost makes it a bit easy...
Ok puzzle game, artwork is nice, but everything is a bit too dark, making the task more than often difficult.  The dev seems willing to enhance the game, which is a plus (just added an option to outline the pieces, for example, to counter the darkness).  In the end, recommended if you're looking for a puzzle game and like the art style, otherwise not so much (aka this would be a neutral review if it was possible).
Great art, will be cool for cards when enough people get the game:)
If you are ok with playing jigsaw puzzles on a computer, this game is pretty good. I like the art style and music. Unlike the name it is not an adult game. Deserves 88/100 for its genre and price.
Very decent game, but really needs more variety of music, not only 1 track, over and over.
I've only done one playthrough so far, but it's been fun. The game focuses on building up your town, which is a nice change of pace from many other games. Like other Choice Of games, there's a good amount of choice in terms of how you want to handle situations that the game throws at you. I don't think it's quite as flexible as, say, Choice of Magics, but it's still one of the better Choice Of games. The story is a bit thin, but there are a few characters in key positions in your town who get a decent amount of character development. The game is a bit short, but since it's also not expensive I think it's worth it.
5,5/10 Entertaining, could be better. Ending feels rushed. The epilogue doesn't really give any closure about your town future, your friends and yourself, it feels like most choices did not matter in the end.
A decent game by the authors of the Eagle's Heir, Stronghold falls short of being great. I feel like there are many ideas that are interesting, but not quite fleshed out; I wish there was more variation in paths, perhaps a bit like Silverworld, another game by the publisher. There are a few errors; if one picks certain names, the game sometimes ignores one's choice of gender, for whatever reason, and, of course, there's the occasional missing comma or some such, as in almost every text game.   It is definitely decent, and does have good replayability, but it falls short of being great. I recommend it, but it's a game I recommend picking up while it is still on sale.
A well written, enjoyable story. It feels similiar to Choice of Magic, albeit with less magical and more administrative/city building choices.
A interesting story that kept me on edge. The charaters seem interesting and i my charater feels like mine. The game makes me feel like dread is in the air. There are some sjw undertones it didnt effect the story that much.  On a whole i would recommend it. If you can ignore the subtle sjw influence's. If not then i would avoid this game.
This game is the Victorian LGBTQ+ novel I've been dreaming of. There are a number of different people to potentially woo, all in Victorian style, as well as an engaging plotline that varies significantly according to your in-game choices. My only wish would be that the game were longer!
Weyrwood combines two of my favourite things - navigating society and the supernatural. Beautifully written, with a large variety of choices in how to play. The characters are interesting and have their own troubles alongside your own, opening up the world just a little more. And with the spina system, everything seems a little more fraught and dangerous - simple matters such as buying ingredients for a meal take on a lot more meaning, as you dance the line between living and Falling. Truly, an amazing game that I would recommend to anyone.
One of the down sides of Steam's "Do you recommend this game?" system is that your review ends up either being a positive or a negative. I'm a lover of this genre of games and have bought several of them and loved some and didn't love some. I would like to give this game a middling review. The concept of the story is there but the execution of it fell flat. On a technical level there were some aspects that I didn't like for example there was a part of the story where it actually just lead you around in a circle, repeating dialogue and interactions, until you selected the path that the author wanted you to select. Many of the "choices" did not feel like choices at all and given the Victorian themes there were a lot of interactions that were veiled or choices that I thought I was making but then after making a selection the character would proceed to do something else entirely. The plot line was difficult to explore and it kept thrusting decisions on to me without giving me sufficient information to pick a side. Even after playing through, my questions were unanswered and a second play through felt pointless because it would have been equally uninformative and frustrating. I know it sounds like I said a lot of negatives there but this was a decent story and I got it on sale for $2.99 so I feel like I got my money's worth. If you like Choice of Games or Victorian/Steampunk Fantasy themed stories I'd say give it a shot when it's on sale.
Fun game with a lot of choices. As long as you focus on maxing out a couple of stats you can get through any situations and the romancable characters are sweet and charming.
Short, but fun. The story begins in media res so don't expect infodumps on the setting; you have to read, pay attention, and infer the details. That said, the setting is quite interesting since you are a member of the Gentry, a priviliged class, but unlike the gentry in real world history the Gentry in this setting risk not only poverty but enslavement to the demons and destruction of their minds if they lose their status. This makes the characters more sympathetic and relatable than you would expect just from reading the game's description.  The story is short, but good, and the writing is quality prose. The focus is on the town and its balance of power between the villagers, demons, and the Weyrs (spirits of the forest). You are able to choose how you wish to change that balance. I do wish it was longer so you could influence the town of Prosper a bit more but it is what it is and for the price the length is reasonable.  The romance was well-written and you have multiple options and can play as straight or gay. I played as a straight guy and there were three options to choose from, one of them being an affair with a childhood friend. One was a woman trapped in an arranged marriage, and the other was just a shy, sweet girl.   The game offers plenty of choices and I think some of them were fairly impactful. Other than the obvious choice of which romance option to pursue, your decisions affect your standing in the society and let you improve it for the better. In my first playthrough I relied on social grace and respectability, which allowed me to sway others to my side easily due to my untarnished reputation. In my second playthrough I romanced a married woman who was in an open relationship with her husband. My character was scandalous but charismatic, often disbelieved by society when it came to the demon threat but able to sway others with sheer force of charisma.   The main points of the story's plot plays out in similar ways regardless of your choices, but your choices do affect who your allies are, how you resolve the climax, and the condition of the town at the end of the game.   Overall, I'd give this game a recommendation. It could be longer and more in-depth with more changes according to your decisions so it's not quite as good as Choice of Robots or Choice of Magics, but it's still one of the better Choice Of games.
I disagree with the other review - I have been reading COG Games for a long time now, I even have a tattoo to do with the company. This story is well written, I found the concept quite intriguing and I could tell the authour put thought into their story. I agree that I was quite surprised to find the script error however it has nothing to do with the writing and can easily be patched out, it is rather hard to proof read every scene in a 300,000 word book. I found the charcters all interesting in their own right and I found that each had a distinct personality to bring them to life. I eagerly await what may come next for our charcters. This is certainly one of their top books out this year, and if you have time to spare and want an engaging read, give the Death Collector a try - I think you will be pleasantly suprised.
So for a ~$6 game, this is pretty good.  You have the story of two college girls who live together, and begin to explore bondage (rope, tape, ect) together while slowly (ish) develop feelings for each other.  It's not a long game, the longest aspect is probably the commission mini game. It's essentially a dress up game where you match the model to a check list of things.  Example: Model - Sarah Clothes - Denim Skirt w/tank top Binds - xyz Blindfold - Yes and so on and so forth  The mini game can be accessed without really playing through the whole story, which is nice if you're interested in just cute girls in bondage. Since I was personally in it for the story, I felt it was a little annoying as a barrier to keep me from going on to the next chapter.  Basically after each chapter, you have to do a small amount (like 2 or 3) commissions before you can continue the story. Luckily, most of the commissions are easy/repeat themselves so it's not super tedious.  If you're looking for a game that's essentially a story light dress up sim with bondage as the theme, then this is your game.
This is wonderful and the best sexy game I've ever played, I think. It actually fulfills the promise of it all being consensual and loving.
A Game For Bondage Lovers  I found this game pretty sweet, story & visuals are decent & I really enjoyed the various items you can buy to tie the girls up in fun ways.  I've only got 2 "problems" with this game: 1. Not many different poses the girls are placed in when bound (more poses please) 2. Not enough leather restraints   Otherwise, I'd say this game is definitely for anyone who likes/is fine with girls in non-nude bondage.
This might be my favourite thing on Steam.  I don't even like visual novels much, I find it quite tiresome clicking through text a bit at a time. That aspect of Mirror was kind of a slog for me. I was surprised just how much I got into Bonds, getting swept up in the story.  Loved the story; loved the true ending. I dreaded going back for the "bad" ending and had to immediately fix my choices to [spoiler]get Robin and Alicia back together[/spoiler]. I really cared what happened to these characters.  The minigame is a fun addition. It could maybe be a bit more challenging in terms of needing to choose between commissions to save money; I always accepted the first one and never had trouble fulfilling the requirements. Still, it's fun to play around with and the commissions keep it from just being a dressup game.  I want more of this: More clothing choices, more unique commissions, more story even. I'd be very interested in another game along these lines and I'll be looking out for future DID Games projects.  Needs trading cards and achievements! Give me a reason to unlock everything.
Really laidback and sweet story, enhanced by really cute and fitting artwork. If you're anything raunchy you're not going to get it here, but I honestly have to say the game still managed to make me feel engaged in the whole tying-someone-up thing through the simple dress-up/tie-up gameplay.  The story is very much a slice of life story with a focus on the emotional aspect of bondage (and the relationship between the central characters). While I would have enjoyed a bit more insight into the lives of the main characters outside their interest in bondage, and the relationship development could have used a bit more buildup and perhaps a bit more description of what happens after the climax of the story, the story overall felt really satifying to read. (Basically I'm just asking for more lol.) This tension-free, "fluffy" and relationship-driven kind of non-drama is pretty much exactly what I look for in romantic fiction.  When it comes to the tech side I direly want a way to increase the text speed. Reading at my own pace doesn't work when the text moves so darn slow, and clicking twice for every line of text doesn't give as nice a flow of reading as only clicking once. Further, standard Visual Novel features like a text log to keep track of what was previously said, and a way to skip text could really make the game play smoother. These are relatively small problems to me though, and the story that is told really makes up for it engagement-wise. (Should probably also say I didn't notice any bugs in the gameplay.)
Quite nice short game. The story is sweet and relateable but short. Don't expect a long game, you'd be dissapointed if you do. Expect a nice short game story wise with the option to muck about al you want with the different options in the session section. In my opinion it is almost like you are watching a short romantic movie with a little spice mixed in.
Okay so... after .. almost 3 hours of play i've become increasingly unhappy with the.. what, 16 chapters i want to plow trough? but every chapter i get forced to do commissions ... which in my opinion were really not funafter the first ... three... so a skip would be nice  Simple story, pretty art.. sometimes, bondage, probably the illusion of choice, a horrible match the checkboxes-minigame and three girls to tie up.  calling it quits now because of the minigames though at the same time it does kinda make me happy there is a game specifically about bondage ^^... anndd only robin seems to be super-fetish-kink about it, alicia is more on my level `3`
Whew... Where do I start with this game?  Well, for starters I played that HoneyCam game or whatever it is, so I assumed this was something like that.  Not really, is that answer to that question.    The story is pretty fun.  It's not mind blowing, you won't have your life changed, but you'll have some fun.  There isn't any nudity, so if that's your think look somewhere else.  You take commissions for specific photos, buy different clothes, and let the girls tie each other up.    That's about it.  I spent 2 and a half hours at it, finished the story, and I doubt I'll play it again now.  Those 2 and a half hours were fun though.  Realistic, charming characters.  Well written story.  If I went back in time, I'd buy it again.
Short but good game. Kind of fanservicy, but it actually is an integral part of the plot. Game looks beautiful (seriously the spirtes and CGs are amazing). Has plenty of extra content with the unlockable cg styles, but I wish the story was a bit longer. Overall an adorable and enjoyable vn.
not much here so i do suggest you purchase it on sale   As the game is very  short    Its a very short bondage themed lesbian relationship visual novel with a mini game .If you could call it that where you .  tie up the  game sprites by selecting from a relatively short menu of bondage equipment and clothing .  There is no nudity in the game . In order to advance the story you have to  dress up one of the game sprites in using the mini game . matching a list given to you.  The game sprites have a very limited series of 4 to five  sounds  for there reaction to being poked and tickled. verbally teased and insulted . I played through it  unlocked all pictures in the art gallary and it seems to have one of two possible endings. Both which focus on the relationship between the two main characters. Both endings seem to be based upon a choice you make in the last chapter . As far as  i can tell   any choices you make in the mini game have zero effect on the main story line.     also there is a minor continuity glitch in the game . When you first meet the third girl in the story you are given  two  choice's. As to how to present to her that the game characters are bondage fetishist. Running a bondage fetish themed business . Whether you made it or not a chapter later on assumes that you made the second choice .       If you decide to download the demo .Which i do recommend make sure  you delete all the files from the demo in your steam library . Before you download the paid version of the  game. As for whatever reason  you will be unable to unlock certain items needed to advance the story I will see if i have time i try to make a guide for this very simple process.  the guide will not have any images due to the fact that i am unable to post anything i dont have the legal rights to.    The developer did games makes  games based upon the damsel in destress theme Think  the iconic picture of a women tied to the raleway tracks as the train is coming waiting to be rescued by the story hero that sort of thing . they have an itch io acount .
'Bonds' is a visual novel from DiD games, the creatores of the free rpgmaker game 'DiDnapper' and are currently working (at the time of writing) on a sequel to that game. The novel stars two friends, Robin and Alicia, in college. Having been friends since childhood, Robin feels its finally time to tell Alicia her biggest secret: she likes being tied up, and hopes her best friend will at least not think she's a big wierdo.   What follows is the story of how Alicia reacts to that news and how it shapes their friendship. In short: Alicia is not only fine with it, she actually offers to tie Robin up, and the pair even decide that hey, people on the internet pay money for pictures like this, so why not try it? Thus the game is split between two modes: story mode and session mode, which represents the girls selling commisioned photos of themselves as they keep up in school. As they make more money you can buy more clothes and gear to use, thus allowing you to accept more expansive and lucrative commisions. Its a nice ittle gameplay loop and the amount of stuff available in Session mode justifies the fact that the story itself only takes a little over an hour to actually read.  Whether you like bondage or not, I can say that just about anyone should at least find the story very sweet, and its a nice pick-me-up kind of visual novel. While it isn't very long, there are two endings based on the choices you make, and the writing and high quality artwork for the cutscenes and Session mode justify it in my eyes, especialy since it was made by a team of about three people.   All in all Bonds is a short but sweet little story that should please anyone who likes a little heartfelt romance with likable characters and/or people who find themselves agreeing with Robin that hey, bondage 'is' pretty fun.
This game is stunning, The CG is amazing with over 30 different CG Combinations, the story is touching, without spoiling the plot, its not just about bondage, and the ending is super touching, but the only complaint i have about this game is the price, its 6.70 at the time of this review, $8 normally, for a game thats only two hours long, and that with me recording for my youtube videos, its not worth the money, i would wait til its like 50 percent off but if you have the cash to spend i would definetly play it and get all the CG and unlockables
Armoured Alliance was a game that I felt I had a relationship with. The ecstasy felt when I killed an opponent, balanced far too well by the sadness caused by the rapid fire turrets that laid me to waste.   The game is solid, based on strategy and I'd not consider it super casual. The usual approach of drive towards something and shooooooot doesn't quite cut it in this game. Instead you are rewarded for considered and deliberate strategies, though these can seem a bit of a grind to begin with. But the strategy and thinking is what becomes a core part of the game.   A game that can take some learning, but can lead to great entertainment between a group of friends of the same skill level.
Great game! super fun - lots of strategy and creativity to do the pilltakes!
A very challenging but rewarding game, as you have to master the mechanics and game-play flow to stand a chance of winning. The fact you have just a tank that can build turrets and blocks and you must pick up turret bases to construct them means there is less micro-managing and more room for the action led strategy to breathe. Games typically run for around 30 minutes but can last hours depending on how good both teams are.   The game seems solid in it's networking, no crashes or anything, and it runs nice a smooth on Mac too.
Absolute tank mayhem! Armoured Alliance is a fast-paced, adrenaline-fuelled race for survival in your tank, deploying turrets and mines to defend your bases, grab resources, and take down the enemy. You have to work out a strategy on-the-fly, moving between sections of the map providing you with cover but also interrupting your line of fire. Armoured Alliance's stand out experience is the multiplayer - you and your team will have to come up with a cohesive strategy to defeat the enemy, and it reminds me of the frantic rush of classics like Bomberman. The tank physics feel nice, with acceleration and turns relaying to the player the heft of wielding a multi-ton death machine. A great game which is highly recommended!
A multiplayer team based game that combines tactical and strategic skills, exactly the type of game I love. Seems fairly basic at first but also has a high skill cap so definitely be ready to learn and hone your skills to reach that high level of play.
Took a bit to get the controls and concept of the game, but highly enjoyable once I got the hang of it. The AI makes for a different game everytime which is awesome, making playing it over and over to get the concept more enjoyable!
Excellent, fast paced game. A good cross between a third person shooter and real time strategy. Speed chess meets Go one could say.  A great balance of tactics and higher level strategy, You are a tank that basically has to efficiently gather and deploy resources (bases, ammunition, turrets, trees and much more) with the objective of map control (to defeat the opponents).  Replay-ability is extremely high given multiplayer and a great player community (on discord which will be available in the forum page). This kind of game has kept me hooked for around 20 years! Well recommended to all.  I go by the name "Hellscream" in the game....come ally me ...or better yet...fight me!  
Bolo, the classic Mac tank game, has returned with updated graphics and controls not designed in a cold war bunker.   10/10
Remember Bolo from your days in university? No? Well it doesn’t matter, because this game is pure multiplayer bliss.  You can drive a tank around and send a little guy to build walls, roads, turrets and other stuff around you. You can turtle in your little base and protect your few resource generators or you can try to rush other players and take over theirs.  I still need to play more of the released version to make sure I am not missing anything.  I can’t wait to see y’all online!
Rage.  Those darn turrets.  The AI tank.  All I can say is rage.  The game is great, online play is fun, and it definitely brings me back to the days of playing a similar game well over a decade ago in a computer lab at school.  If you know that game, you're gonna love this game.
you know... if you searched for this here...  be aware it is much more fun playing than it might seem from the videos, etc.  get it for 1 EUR in discount if you so prefer...
I became kind of obsessed with the whole idea of the Royal Game of UR when I first found out about it - watching Youtube videos from the British Museum about how the ancient tablets were deciphered which explained how the game would have been played (the world's oldest rule book) and then looking into how I could actually get to play it myself. Board replicas have been made... but they're a little pricey, so I ended up making my own version of it with wooden squares so that I could show it to my son... because it's actually a really good game - a forgotten classic that should be there with chess/draughts/backgammon etc etc... but over time it was lost. And now we can play it on Steam!   I recommend this to anyone interested in playing a well designed board chase game... which features both luck and strategy... it is now my favourite of the 'classics'. This digital implementation is quite simple, and could have been prettier, but it plays a good game... and it's certainly worth the small asking price.
Absolutel wonderful. This game is fantastic for enthusiasts of obscure and antiquated board games. I definitely recommend it. And to add to it all, it's low cost, and low impact on the system.  Here's my detailed contstructive review: Overall Rating 4/5 Stars ★★★★☆ I have only two VERY small gripes about it, and one is purely opinion. 1.) It would be nice to have some sound effects in actual gameplay of the dice rolling, and the pieces moving, similar to those found in the tutorial. 2.) (the opinion one) The ruleset I'm used to uses slightly different rules for the dice, wherein there is no ability to roll "zero/0". Instead 1 white tip pointing up = move 1 space, 2 = move 2 spaces, 3 = move 3 spaces, and none = move 4 spaces. This is likely just a matter of differently developed rulesets (if I remember correctly, at least T.  Kendall, and R.C. Bell, both developed differing rulesets)  Pros: - Educational: The Royal Game of Ur, also known as The Game of Twenty Squares, is arguably one of the oldest known board games in history, if not, thee oldest known board game in history. It originated in ancient Mesopotamia (modern day Iraq, Iran, Kuwait, Turkey, and Saudi Arabia), about 4,500 years ago. It may or may not be related to a younger board game, played in Egypt, called Senet, - This will probably run on pretty much any modern day machine running Windows 10. - Both player vs AI, and player versus player, is available. - Unlock different aesthetics for the board, the counters, and the dice, by accumulating wins (even player vs AI counts toward this). - Easy to learn, hard to master. - Different game speeds - Different difficulty levels - Two different variants of the paths that the counters must take on the board (you'll understand once you're briefed on the rules and instructions). - Guided tutorial - Beautiful music to pl - Option to play in a windowed format, so you can keep an eye on other tasks at hand. Also has full screen mode if you prefer it.  Cons: Just the two mentioned previously, which aren't really that big of a deal.  Overall, the developer has done a fantastic job of emulating The Royal Game of Ur, and I am greatly pleased with my purchase. I hope to see more work regarding archaic/antiquated board games in video game format from  this developer in the future (Psst: I really enjoy Fetlar Hnefatafl).
glad someone finally made a digital versionof this game GG
[h1] It's a good buy if you're into board games or something more casual. [/h1]  Ur, the actual board game, is the perfect mix between skill and luck. Probably my favorite board game at the moment as it can get real thrilling at times.  This Steam version is probably not worth the 2.6 bucks it asks for, though. The game has a few bugs. But it really gets you immersed into Ur. I find myself at the edge of my seat when it's down to the last 2 pieces. You also unlock new pieces after you've won an amount of rounds, which is a nice lil thing.  I'm glad the developer shed some light on this ancient game, though. I hope to see more ancient board games like this in the future.  [h1] It's a 7/10 for me. [/h1] 
hehe. yea sure. it's a little short i guess. but it's fun and funny sure why not.
I really enjoyed this game. It has a very science fiction B movie type feeling. So if you're a fan of 1970's style creature features this game is for you. Also I like how every area has an objective that needs to be met. This is not a super long game it can be played to completion in an hour or less, but for the game price I feel that it is good quality. All in all I was very happy with this game and look forward to more games by this dev in the future.
Truly an exciting journey from start to finish. Watch out for snakes! the game opens with you, the protagonist, on your way to claim your late uncle's farm. The game took me by surprise with its ground breaking vehicle controls, breakneck atomic cola speeds and anti communist propaganda. Throughout the game you'll encounter puzzles requiring split-second decision makinga that could mean the difference between life nd death. The best example of this is the prison scene, which i wont spoil. While playing you'll discover tidbits of lore scattered about. News articles that still contain grammar underlines from word that tell you the what, why, and where of the story. In my final hours, nay, minutes of this wonderful nugget of a horror game i was at the edge of my DXRacer gaming chair™ and truly felt solemn as i watched it all unfold. With memorable characters like ball game man, your uncle and landlord man it will be hard to forget this gem of an indie game. Watch out TensionSplice games, say no to the EA contract that awaits you after this game catches on to the masses!  TL;DR : For the low low price of 770.50 Zimbabwean funbucks this game is truly a steal. Grab it now before they catch on to the bargain and race it to the usual triple A price! I myself have about three dozen copies in my inventory for just this occasion, and i'm willing to sell them for only 20$ each.
Pretty sweet little game!  The sprite design is clean, the overall visual language is simple and consistent, the teleportation mechanic is fun and (as long as there are no frame rate hiccups) very well implemented - and in terms of gameplay it's got a nice difficulty progression from super-easy all the way up to to moderately tricky.   I had a nice time with this. If you want something light and colorful to fill the time, it's worth the $0.99 (or whatever I spent on it).
If you can overlook lolis and r*pe, this is worth your time.  I got more time out of it than I expected to and as a couple other reviewers stated prior to my purchase, this is more than just an eroge.
A highly enjoyable party-building JRPG with likable characters and, surprisingly, a pretty good story. However, I went into this game thinking it was going to be a cute and perhaps PG-13 at max waifu-collecting JRPG. I was very wrong. This game is INCREDIBLY graphically sexual. It didn't bother me but if you're expecting something mild, it is not this game. My only real complaint is the inclusion of lolis. I found the lolis incredibly creepy and would prefer if there was an alternative option for those of us who find it gross. Overall though, very good game.
Ok look guys. I'm your basic naughty game weeb just like the rest of us. But this game is a fair bit more, and yes I haven't beaten it but I'm about 30 hours deep. Does it have naughty uncen images for you to enjoy? Ya of course it does. But it also has a nice story good characters funny writing and decent mechanics. Think of this as your slightly above average turn based open world rpg with a bit of fan service. It's a good game trust me on this. But is it a game that you can solely use for uhhh pleasuring yourself? No, odd as it sounds for this type of game it isn't really that type of game. Has it but isn't the sole reason to play. Good game.
Great game, I just finished it and couldn't be happier I played it and completed it.   TL;DR I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone over the age of 18 that likes RPGs and interesting stories. And if you look at my play time (168hrs at the time of writing this) it should give you an idea of what millage you can expect out of it before you run out of new stuff to find.  And now the wall of text:  Pros - The world of Evenicle is rich and unlike so many RPG worlds makes complete sense. Things you learn about the world in passing appear later on to give the world even more depth. - The characters are very likable and even the bad guys have solid reasons to be the way they are. - Plenty of rewards for just exploring the world and listening to what people have to say. - All the voice actors are great, any time voices are present is a treat no matter what. - Plentiful sex scenes and adult themes, which in turn make the plot more interesting than many AAA RPGs. - Sex scenes are handled in a very good way and are woven into the story and the world in a way that makes them feel natural. So they enhance the storytelling rather than detracting from it. - RPG elements are solid and deciding loadouts and upgrades makes a big difference at every level. - Plenty of unlockables through gameplay. Items, costumes, CGs etc.  - Combat may be hit or miss depending on your preference. It properly conveys the action but it's very basic graphically speaking. And while I personally like it (which is why I'm not putting it in the meh section) other players may not be very much into it. But at the very least it's competent enough it should not detract from the experience even if you don't particularly like the style.  Meh - Translation, or more precisely localization can be hit or miss sometimes. For instance, in english Aster sounds far more stupid than he really is and some conversations' flow deviate a bit too much in some instances due to localization. This is specially evident when there are no clear cultural equivalents. For instance they will choose to say Mister instead of Oniichan, or just use the name instead of an honorific that would give the conversation an entirely different tone. - Because of this the game is even more enjoyable if you have some Japanese knowledge.  The Not-so-good - Graphics of course, this is a low budget title so the graphics, specially the 3D take some time getting used to. It would definitely benefit from an update or something so it could support true 1080p/4K resolutions and up for the 3D elements and better scaling for the 2D images. And though you get used to it after the first couple of hours playing it's still something to be aware of.  To conclude, Evenicle is a surprisingly good experience that was interesting from start to finish. And there's a sequel on the way, so this is the perfect time to jump into this world.
I would have to say I got this game for the AO scenes. What I wasn't prepared for however, was the well written storyline that had me suffer a massive amount of feels. Between the hilarious actions between the characters to the terrible "feels bad man" moments of the darker scenes I could feel that the makers put a lot of love into the creation of this game.   Yes there are a lot of cliche characters in the game (especially considering the AO nature making certain cliche's an obvious choice) but at the same time I did grow attached to those cliche'd batch of fools as they ran around the world saving it/ doing stupid stuff along the way.  The world's premise is especially unique and even from a lore aspect it shows a lot more "world building" then some of the AAA titles out there.   The VICIOUSNESS of the combat system was quite a shell shock to me as well. This game makes you earn your pretty pretty wives with a lot of "side quests" that make you realize that this is in fact a difficult game rather just a "one-handed storybook". I actually liked the fact that this game forced you to work for it instead of just having a "you win now here's your x-scene" formula. Some of the normal RPG's I've played could learn a lot from the combat system. While healing is a rarity that actually means you have to *think* about combat more and how to survive each fight taking a minimal amount of damage in the longer dungeons and during harder boss fights.   I feel one thing that could have been done better is proving a bit more of a reward for the side-quests as several of them you get only the satisfaction of completing the quest in some cases.  Also pointing out a bit where they are might be in order as well since several quests "open up" but if you don't enter the prior cities you've visited before you wouldn't know it.  All in all this game is great time with lots of tantalizing H-scenes in it and a ton of hilariously risque scenes. However, don't go into it expecting an easy "one-hit KO" to every enemy in the game. This is an RPG before it's an eroge so don't let your head get too muddled by the "clam meat" or you may end up as monster chow.
The story is surrounded by its light mood with quirky jokes here and there giving it a funny atmosphere, but serious in the moments where it counts, which is amplified with its repetitive, but catchy music.  Characters: a lot  Gameplay feels like Pokemon?... Well... I mean... at least there's consent.. Soooo - all’s well that ends well!
Great game, worth the time. One of the most fun games I have played in my life.
As a player of mostly FPS and casual gaming I have touched a bit of water with RPG's recently and to be honest this is one of the best I have played to date.  Yes it is intended for an adult market but the graphics are very nicely done and there is plenty of actual game in there to make you think and work things out.  My only grumble is I do sometimes lose my track and could do with a mission screen or some form of map so I dont just endlessly wander around trying to remember what I am meant to be doing or where I am going. Yes there is a backlog which you can re-read for clues but a mission screen would be a nice thing to add for casual players :)
Alicesoft never disappoint
Oddly enough despite being a Game full of H Scenes and basically being a J-List game I think as an RPG it is pretty solid with some good characters and enemies. I genuinely enjoy the game.
A quite simple yet fun JPRG nicely mixed with erotic theme (well this game is eroge after all).   Really, it's been a while since i'm actually enjoying something as "eroge game", perhaps because this game have a good balance between the RPG and Erotic element, not sure. Not just like any eroge game which mostly only reading the text, choose some option between A - B - C, got the girl, then bang! s3x time! the story is really good (in my personal opinion). I don't regret buying this game with full price.  1. Good story, have some good plot twist on it. 2. Simple and fun turn based JRPG, with various unique skills each characters. 3. Good art (Familiar with Senran Kagura art?). 4. A lot of side quest, some of them will reward you with pretty "good" scene ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ). But you can also skip them if you don't want to do it. 5. U n c e n s o r e d, no need to searching R18+ patch, but the game also offer you option to censor the scene if you want. 6. Cute characters. (can't get enough with Riche smug face) 7. You can pretty much play the game JUST with 1 hand.  Also i read some news about Evenicle 2 english. I can't wait for it!
Hope they make a second one
[h1]Spoiler Free! 100% of the CG's Completed[/h1]   One of the best JRPG's you can play on the PC. A solid 9/10. Not all of the dialogue has voiceovers and the main male protagonist, Aster, is not voiced at all which is rather disappointing. The 2D character portraits are of lower quality and reused for the background characters. The reasoning for the mid to late game plots also starts to get shakier too as it goes on.  Apart from that, this game is still absolutely worth the full price. This is a must play for anyone who is remotely interested in the JRPG genre and doesn't mind the very disturbing themes that are present in some of the main portions of the story. I won't be describing them as it is my policy to never reveal anything about the plot of the game in any of my reviews. The translation work done here is excellent. Couldn't find anything wrong whilst I was playing the game. [spoiler]Except when Gurigura calls you oni-chan, the translation to English is not a direct translation.[/spoiler]  Aster is the male main protagonist you play at the start. He is also the best male MC I have encountered in an eroge, an extremely likeable character with a ton of self-control for his insatiable lust. He is not an idiot, is straightforward and very gentle to all of the girls and always asks for their permission before proceeding to do what he wants. He totally deserves the harem and fortunately for him, his wives are good friends with each other as well. It is also super refreshing to see women in H-games behave realistically.   As usual, I will roast the technical aspects of the game first. An unfortunate max resolution of 720p. Touch screen support in this game is superb, just make sure you enable that option in the settings. Great optimization compared to other 2D only games. As a low poly count game, I was able to play it on my potato tablet (X5-Z8350, 2GB RAM, 32GB eMMC) at around 30-60ish FPS on the lowest settings.  This is quite good for a 3D game running on hardware like this. 3D graphics wise it looks simple with a decent amount of graphical options to tinker. Normally, games with poor graphics get a beating from me, however, the 3D style they chose befits the 2D graphics and the style is consistent throughout the game, thus I am very happy with the 3D graphics in this game and am unaffected by it compared to many of the other JRPG's out there.    I adore the 2D style and detail of the CG's, character and character portraits in the game. It comes off as simplistic, cute, calming and also manages to portray the atmosphere of the text well. This does also dampen some of the disturbing scenes in the game, which can be positive or a negative aspect of this particular art style. This is the exact same artist who did the art for Senran Kagura, so if you love the art in that series, you will love the art in this too. The game is very stable and well-tested, there was no crashing or bugs experienced when I was playing through the game.   Right off the bat, the story and gameplay instantly hook the player without any grandiose graphics, scenes or storytelling. The story has excellent pacing with a good amount of suspense, with appropriate twists and turns to keep you guessing and has well-thought-out explanations that reinforce the reasons and sometimes adds a flair of comedic value to the story. There were plenty of references to many real-world items and ideas as well. I didn't even bother predicting the plot as the story and gameplay was so intriguing and fun. The difficulty was just right too, with little grinding involved to unlock all of the CG's.  The gameplay is similar to a turn-based JRPG with a unique twist to the typical JRPG mechanics. Levelling is not automatic and requires a level-up ticket or shop to do the levelling. Experience points overfill towards the next level/s. This allows for a tactical play of saving a level or more to heal up your party members HP, saving time when exploring dungeons. Most of the skills are learnt through collecting chests in the game or doing certain battles. This rewards the player much more to explore the environment thoroughly for skills and items, making exploration in an otherwise low detail environment very rewarding.   The sound design in this game is one of the best I have heard in a JRPG. All of the tracks fit the theme of the environment and mood of the text with great mastering. The music used for most of the boss fights are the same, however, the track used is wonderfully done and fits the theme so I don't have anything to critique much. The voice acting and sound effects used are also top-notch, the voices all have good expression and articulation to them. The sound effects used are well done and mastered with an appropriate realism to them, especially for one particular scene which I will not describe. It has something to do with a dragon.  A 9/10 score in the sound department.  Now for the lewds, how lewd are they you may ask? There is an option to use censored CG's in the game options and I think this option is unchecked by default, thus the CG's are all 100% pure loods with no pixelation. Using censored CG's basically makes genitals censored. The art style of the artist for the CG's make the girls look kinda thicc so if you like that kinda stuff this game is for you. I am happy to report that even though the game is an eroge, the main focus is not on lewds. The pacing for the story time, play time and lewd time are well executed, so if you are looking for a game to release your inner sin after sin, this might not be the game you are looking for. If you love vanilla stuff, you will like the lewds as the majority of the game has Aster doing it vanilla. There are of course a couple of disturbing H-scenes and not so vanilla stuff, however, Aster does not do any of that nonsense to his partners and its always the antagonists that cause them to happen. There is one exception to this rule though.  [spoiler]If you do the saints side quests, Aster will have anal sex with the saints.[/spoiler]  In conclusion, it's a flippin masterpiece of a lood game. Just be careful of who might be watching you while you play. You might just have to start training on your stealth skills to achieve the illusion 100 stat so that you can play this game in broad daylight. Good luck!
Bought this game at full price thinking I would be lucky to get 30 Hrs out of it after collecting everything and watching the CG's, I got over triple that so I consider that value for money especially from a game that is only 1.3G in size.  The story is well put together with the adult elements and there is a few scenes that will make you uncomfortable but this is done to keep the player interested and is integral to the story.  There is plenty for the player to be occupied with over the cause of Aster's journey from commoner to Hero and I suggest getting a guide from somewhere to get the most out of this. The control scheme is pretty standard and doesn't require a controller just keyboard and mouse, graphics were better than I thought considering the file size CG scene are much better quality, the background music has various options including a very handy mute if window not active tickbox.  This game turned out to be a hidden gem for me and if a NG+ option becomes available I will be playing it again hopefully on a harder run through, do yourself a favour invest to play it now or wait for a sale and play it either way.
Rember, Outlaws are bad, they die and dont get the puss.
Kath is best girl and there's nothing you can do to make me change my mind
I played this game before it was on steam, i just bought it to support them.  If you love visual novel then you would be pretty familiar with the fame that Alicesoft has (Mainly because of the Rance series) and how good they make visual novels.  MangaGamer is one of the best english visual novel localization company out there. Combine them together and you have a game that's worth your time.  And oh, Its uncensored ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
kathryn best girl ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
i buy because same artist as senran kagura~
Really liked the plot and soundtrack of the game, not to mention that i also liked the characters and the simple but fun game mechanics. If you are a fan of rpg games you should consider giving this game a try. PD: Ramius best waifu.
This game is really fantastic, I really am at a lose at what I should say specifically at the time of this review. Simply put, if you like the idea of a sex driven RPG, this is the game for you.
Dont let this game fool you, it might look like a simple hentai game but its much more.   What makes this game stand out is great writing. Both world building, characters and story are all very well done and better then most mainstream games, there are moments that will change how you perceive adult games.  It took me some 30 hours to finish this game, I enjoyed every second of it, buy this game you wont be sorry.
I'll be burning in hell for this... come join me
Do you want an RPG that focuses on the story and gameplay like never before? Then here is your best choice! 10/10 - IGN
Very good game, good quality, Just have to focus on the game's character speeches, if you are lost I recommend using google to search for a guide. Evenicle chapter and guide.
Evenicle - this is a game that literally has just about everything you could think of in a H-game all threaded together with a RPG plot. But that statement right there shows both the good and the bad. Here's my honest and straight-up review for the devs and anyone interested in purchasing it. I apologize that this seems too long but I want the devs and you to know before you put down some $40 for the game, you probably want to know what the hell your getting. So if you want input... you got it. Heh. =P   If you just want the final word, scroll down to the end...    THE GOOD =)  The graphics and sound are pretty damn good and you get a lot of them. Where some VN novels have maybe a dozen pictures to sort through max... this has dozens upon dozens upon dozens. And yes, they are categorized and you can even go back and see the entire event and voices. They are all in Japanese but the interface and text are all translated and its done very, very well. Hundreds of CG... think about that.   The RPG side of it is a bit above average fare. Not great but its not bad. A little grinding here and there... no, not that type of grinding. Fighting monsters for experience points and cash. It's kind of fun... there are some special attacks with character poses and yelling out combat phrases (well, usually - LOL) and it does a pretty decent job of keeping you interested in the plot. While not a ground-breaking story, it's kinda interesting in places and it certainly is akin to a normal RPG story in that you'll be putting 40+ hours just for the main event.   Once I got the mapping option, I was about 10 hours into the game, and saw I only had discovered about 6% of the land? Yeah, you'll be doing some exploring and searching, taking on special super-monsters and collecting gal-monsters for your collection. Add that element if you enjoy finding secrets and the hours increase even more.    Areas for improvement: With this much stuff to explore and find, I wish they would have made the fighting mechanics more detailed. It actually does play like a good RPG, but the battle part is maybe from 15 years ago. It gets a bit repetitive but not overly so. I would just highly suggest adding more techniques, team attacks, more magic, better graphics, etc. Hell, have sex with a demon chick to get more powers or steal pantsu for power-ups a la Konosuba.    THE AVERAGE :\  The music in the game isn't anything special. Its certainly not bad but your not going to be setting the mood whether its a battle or something else. For such a long game, I'd add more to it. So it's a H-game with RPG elements. Why does that mean you can't have some great music? Have a theme for each girl, a few random rocking themes for the battles, and a over-world theme that matches the mood of what's going on. It's not all glory, sex, and fun. There are some actual drama points in this game.    The characters themselves are pretty one-dimensional. But let's face it, are you really buying a game like this and hoping for a lot of depth with character arcs and such? Regardless, the group you end up with (you wives) are mostly fun. There are a couple that I adore from Ramuis (she kinda reminds me of Darkness from Konosuba except she can fight) and GG (who is just too damn cute) but the others can be a bit annoying in my opinion. But where I find one to be a pain... another guy will love her.   They are pretty much your arch-types you find in dating sims. It's made that way so your chances of finding at least one of them you like and want to date are pretty high. That's how those games are designed. But here you get no choice in your wives at all and there are lesser to interact with. So I wish there would have been more variety to choose from several wives rather than get forced by the story to have the group that you do. If a sequel is made, I hope that is an option.      Now speaking of wives - The whole idea of the game starts with your character wanting to marry both of his sisters. But they aren't REALLY his sisters. Right. In Evencide... there are two laws. #1 You cannot murder, unless it's an outlaw with a black ring on their finger. #2 You can only have one wife. Indicated by a gold ring on your finger when you have sex with her. It just magically happens. But Knights can be appointed by the King with Mother Eve's blessing and have more wives so this is the player we are in charge of.   And as far as the main character, Aster, we really make no huge decisions. He's annoying and it would have been nice to have more control over your character, choices, and how he interacts with others and the world. But it is what it is. Usually in these games, you get a "blank" character with virtually no personality. The reason for that is so you can project yourself as the protagonist. Here, its more like watching a story. There were times where I was like, "No dumbass, don't do THAT!" but he did anyway. So your just along for the ride.   Areas for Improvement: More choices for characters in your team, making replay value high to see what it would have been like had you chosen some other people. Let your character have good/neutral/bad choices and your choices decide your fate and how people (and wives) react to you and like/dislike you based on that. Be the paragon with wives or be the demon with a harem.   THE BAD AND THE UGLY :#  The first part isn't necessarily "bad".. it depends on your personal opinion on this one; you can expect all your Japanese fetishes to show up.. the sister who loves you.. the token loli.. the tentacle grape.. bodily fluids.. machine sex... yuri...gay guys hitting on you.. yes, folks. You get the whole GD hot-diggity happy meal with fries and a drink. It's all there whether you want it or not. But..  So we've had fun up until now and whatever your vice (as long as there is consent and legal) have at it. I'm a flaming heterosexual and damn proud of it! I love women because they are beautiful in so many ways; But seriously, there's one thing I f#$%ing hate. Grape.  The sexual violence is very graphic and there's many, many, many times it happens. Its brutal, disgusting, and horrible. It ruins a otherwise pretty good game and kept me from playing a few days. (Spoiler/Sensitive)   [spoiler] One story point deals with a girl named Colpis near the start of the game. She gets captured and graped by multiple men over and over. They even use words like "violently @#$%ing her womb"... its a paraphrase but yeah, that's the part where babies are born. She gets branded a outlaw with a black ring and gets taken away because no one wants outlaws around. Later, we discover she was taken to a shelter of sorts. Its lousy living conditions but its a home. It was designed by another woman who is running for president that was trying to help victims like her. Then not long after we learn about this place, we learn our "candidate" was partially working with one of the bad guys behind the scenes. Colpis gets graped again by more outlaws as part of a political feud in the country and its partially the fault of this woman who was helping them. And she gets forgiven way too damn easy. Just a boob squeeze. I'm serious. They all squeeze her boobs and we're good, I guess. Additionally, it's kind of "implied" that Colpis kind of liked it and is back to normal in no time after the bad guys are gone. And then there's GG... don't get me started. I hated Aster from that point on. She's a kid! WTF?![/spoiler]   Areas for improvement: Remove Grape/Loli - Dishonorable.   FINAL RATING: 6 out of 11 stars ******  It gets a pass but barely. Ask yourself what you really want.   I offer this to help critique the DEVS in a positive way to make things better and to inform others of what to expect. You can broaden the appeal and not just make a hentai game.. make a great game that just happens to be adult themed. Look at The Witcher. Catherine, even Sakura Dungeon.. You CAN combine super sexy, good stories, and fun game-play.
Alicesoft makes good games, this is no exception.
The best game mangagamer has on steam by far at the moment. The sex scenes are long and very detailed and the sex acts are varied from scene ro scene. The story is actually pretty good and follows asterisk who just wants to sex his step sisters but needs to become a knight so he can do it right and marry both of them. The story suffers from some generic character names a infuriating battle system at times do to unbalanced boss fights and a capture mechanic that is a pain to get all the cgs by capturing the monster girls. The mysic score is great all around and the fact alice soft gave a nod to how unlikeable their other series main character the lovable rapist rance would be put into a normalish world setting was hilarious. Hope we get Evenicle 2 soon.
An amazing ero-rpg with a fun, long, worthwhile (if a bit predictable) story, lovable characters, and well-crafted mechanics that made several fights a real satisfying challenge to beat. 10/10, here's hoping for a whole series!
When i first got the game i thought it was going to be short but it is a good length game the story was great combat was simple and fun. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a decent game and you just have to remember it is a h-game but it is an enjoyable game. I look forward to more like this and hope for a sequel to it.
First I'll give it my overall score. ... 9/10, for a few reasons that'll take too long to write.  Overall, it's a great JRPG. It's getting increasingly hard to find any that are at this level, even if it is an H-JRPG. The rating for it, is a bit of a let down, going online you'll find quite a few who give bad reviews. I have to respectfully disagree with those who do. This game has a decent if not a good story-line, a good soundtrack, and carries the old JRPG type of battles that are normally only seen in RPG-Maker these days.  The only downsides I've noticed are in the translations from the characters' speech to the text you read, but you can turn the voices off. The other, is in the Turn-Based system of the battles; I'm fairly certain that they set it to a dice-roll-random-turn style, but it can be dealt with fairly easily. (Dice-Roll-Random-Turn is only used in the beginning of the battles, though it can cause some stress to JRPG players at times.) The final issue, is the expense of Gold on items. Healing and BP items double every time you get another one of each, so you have to grind a lot for Gold, which is obtained at the end of battles. (Although you can capture certain monsters and sell them at Pawn Shops for a decent price, depending on the area you get the monsters in.)  There are a few fixes to the issues, but I don't use them much. ... Only capturing Gal M's for cash. I highly recommend this for players who love the JRPG style, and for those who like H games.
its ok
It's sexy, it's engaging, it has solid gameplay, it's uncensored, but random encounter needs to die. 8/10 also Kathryn is the best waifu
This game is just the best the there is a real PLOT an actual one with story and even characters that u can relate to ( maybe ) and there are some disturbing topics in this game but most games like this will do something the same and its not as good and the ones in this game also it is worth the price   Kath and Towa is best girl if u have prob then go find some where else to debate since im not going to
This game is amazing, Two thumbs up! I need more of the same i cannot stop playing this game. :)
CG is very beautiful.
One of the best game I've ever played. It's so much deeper than an Ero-game with a good story.
Tiddies.
[h1] Preface [/h1] This game is quite graphic, however that just makes it all the more reason you [i] should [/i] play it. Evenicle is probably the most enamoring and enjoyable RPG I've played in a very long time. Everything about it just [i] oozes [/i] with creativity and heart. I cried, I laughed, I was grossed out, I was impressed, I even grew to love every character in this game wholeheartedly.  [h1] Characters [/h1] Every character, from the ones you don't think you'll ever see again to the main cast, are all enjoyable and interesting in some way or another.  [list] [*] You play as Asterisk, or Aster, a boy who can somehow [i] keep it up [/i] all night and day. This man most definitely knows what he wants and you really connect yourself to him through his adventures.  [*] Ramius Dreissen is an angel: beautiful, has huge [i] cannons [/i], is perverse, and has amazing chemistry with the other girls; she's phenomenal in nearly every aspect.  [*] Riche Eden, while bold and cute, is quite the cunning schemer, eliciting much of the party's companions, adventures, and a few [i] extra special scenes [/i] involving Aster and plenty of the other female cast.  [*] Guragura, while small and a cinnamon roll, is an incredibly strong character in both regards to actual strength and characterization.  [*] I wont get into too much detail so as to not spoil anything, but we cant forget the arguably best girl of the game! [b] KATHRYN "please have my children" LAPUCELLE. [/b] Oh my god, this girl is amazing. Smart, funny, incredibly cute, its no wonder shes got the best [i] scenes [/i] in the game. She even buffs your party in battle and can give you the edge you need to beat the game. [/list]  [h1] TL:DR [/h1]  If you haven't played this game you really need too. The battle mechanics are pretty Japanese so if you aren't a fan of that you should at least play it for the story and the characters. The lore of the world is really interesting, albeit extremely sexual in nature. The world is pretty big and there's a lot to explore for if you want to 100% get everything. The story is pretty easily understood and if you're smart you might be able to pick up on the twists before they happened. There's quite a lot of variety in the [i] scenes [/i] as there's a ton of people out there with certain kinks. If there's anything I didn't enjoy about the game it would probably be that you can't marry one specific character who really deserves it after everything she goes through and the amount of grinding I did before taking on some of the "Mega Monsters", but other than that it's a very solid RPG and visual novel. If you want to see everything the game has to offer I recommend using the wiki, if only for completing the collections book.
Ramius is best girl, no questions asked! She is dependable, her defense and HP is insane, she can protect others with her shield, she is absolutely adorable outside of battle, but also pretty cool as well. She has a great body as well, though that's just a bonus, and she is even somewhat of a perv.   I <3 Ramius, and she is one of the reasons why i am enjoying this game so much, the story is great, the characters are pretty well written, the combat is decent, and honestly, most of the sex is pretty good too, even romantic sometimes, which is an even bigger bonus. This game is great, if you don't mind the sex, I HIGHLY recommend this game.   Small warning though, there is a couple scenes of actual r a p e in this game, but there is a reason for it, it does it's job of showing not only how evil and hateable the villians/outlaws are, but also how dangerous they are as there is no limit to what they will do...if you can handle it, then definately get this game.   Try to get this game on sale, but even if you don't the game is pretty long, somewhat worth the price. Hope this review helps. ^^
Funny game
There's so much to like about this game, it's hard to know where to begin.  From the world building, to the characters' personalities, to the villains' motivations, to the story... there's a lot of depth to be found here, much more than I expected even halfway into the game.  The artwork, the music, and the voice acting is very enjoyable, it's all good, and comes together to provide a well-balanced and immensely enjoyable experience.  That said, this isn't a game about the colorful, happy world that it appears to be at first glance; this is a world with serious problems that are difficult to solve, and characters with radically different ideas about how to solve them.  It may not be possible to play through the game without developing a visceral hatred towards some of the villains after seeing how far they're willing to go to achieve their goals, but that makes defeating those villains all the more satisfying.  I also really want to say, if you look through the negative reviews, they pretty much all seem to be from people that either didn't read the adult content warning or didn't understand it.  Many of them also have false statements, clearly as a result of getting offended and quitting early on, then combining that first impression with their own personal prejudices, like the one claiming the developers are misogynists because the reviewer didn't stick around long enough to realize that [spoiler]female knights can have multiple husbands and males can also be forced into becoming outlaws[/spoiler].
There is no reason to play this game past Ramius cause she is best girl and you get her early on.
I am an avid Visual Novel player and i bought this game just to support uncensored VNs on Steam, but it wasnt bad.  The combat is simple and not much of a challenge until some of the later parts of the game.  The story is cliche and predictable but the characters involved make it fun to watch.  The CGs are great, sometimes there are anatomy problems  and other weird stuff, its like the artist wasnt used to drawing this style of hentai or something, but great nevertheless.  Plenty of scenes of all types.  Overall this game is a great buy on sale for like 30e or lower, id defo recommend it for all fans of things lewd and comedic.
The storyline is actually waaaayy better than I assumed. The CG cutscenes are all nude and can be switched to cencered (idk why you'd want that if you're getting this).  Some intense scenes like rape are in the game that almost made me just angry to watch, so theres that too.  Combat is fun and you can eventually catch "girlmons" and have a quick nude-rope pic which are fun.  Overall great game, and same artist who does senran kagura series, so very top notch art.   BOOOOOOOBS  10/10
A balance of hentai and gaming, a wet dream come true i need more games like this, 10/10 will play in auto again during special scenes
[h1]"Whaaaaaat?!"[/h1] [i]-Asterisk[/i]  This game is so funny, I laughed a lot! Gameplay is simple and the plot is straightforward. Soundtrack is nice and the artwork by Yaegashi Nan was the selling point for me. Can't wait for the sequel!
Would buy Evenicle 2 instantly.
--- English is not my native language --- http://dekapaireiai.home.blog  Evenicle is an RPG developed by Alicesoft, renowned studio known for Rance series, still hardly obtainable in English. First opus of a new series, Evenicle successfully offer a new world and combat system. Mangagamer endowed Evenicle with a great English translation. For a big price, Evenicle offer a big and great adventure!   The story is starting with Aster, a young man who would like to marry his two sisters. However, there is a problem, not even incest, in this world created by Eve, it is impossible to have more than one husband/wife or to kill anyone. If you break this law, you become an Outlaw. Then, Mother Eve is taking you her blessing and you can’t produce or create anything. Your only hope is theft, violence and rape.  Don’t worry for Aster, he doesn’t have to content himself with only one woman. Mother Eve, to encourage the birth of powerful individuals, grant the power to official knights to have multiple wives if they accomplish great feats. It is Aster’s main goal: even if it will make him discover a great scheme which will question founding principles of this world. The lore is smart and is a great motivation for the play to progress into this world.  Evenicle is using a rudimentary but cute 3D engine to explore the world. Bestiary is also simple but efficient. Dialogues and porn scenes make the most of a successful design with steady quality. Porn scenes are numerous and very enjoyable, even if Aster stay the main character in the most of it. Kink variety is lacking. Alicesoft is good at finding an explanation to all these scenes. Unfortunately, sound is not noteworthy, there is dub only on some porn scenes. Most of the time, moans, juicy sounds and screams are repetitive and not great. Too bad for immersion.  To protect Eve’s world, Aster and four of his wife have to fight together in turned-based battles. Each character fill a role between tank, dps or support. The player has to manage items and equip active or passive skills, obtainable by exploration or fighting monsters. Instead of mana, each turn gives resources needed to active skills. This system is simple but efficient and the player can enchain battles with ease. It doesn’t restrain the game to offer bosses and quests with good and stimulating difficulty.  Outside main quest, the game offers multiple possibilities. Map exploration is encouraged by interest points, rare monsters or even fishing (extremely basic). Some side quests are available but asks the player to come back on his tracks, Evenicle doesn’t warn him. Fortunately, it is possible to catch up missed activities at the end of the game, even if they are at odds with chronology. During adventures, Aster will fill love gauges to unlock a slice-of-life dialogues and scenes with his wives. You don’t have to stress out, everything is unlockable with one playthrought.  Evenicle is solid. It is a great discovery for me and going for 100% was a blast at every moment. Now, I eagerly wait for Evenicle 2. FIngercrossed for Mangagamer’s translation!
Pure Lovenicle And ,Alicesoft,your mother is dead.
ABSOLUTE FANTASTIC GAME, JUST ONE ISSUE THE FORCE LOLI IN THE HAREM AND THE MAIN CHARACTER BEING A MORON A BIT TOO MUCH,CAN WAIT FOR EVENICLE 2,THE GAME IS COMING IN FEBRUARY IN JAPAN HOPE WE ALSO GET IT IN THE WEST!!
I bought this game before realizing there was no controller support. Despite playing many RPGs, I'd never used a mouse to play one. That was annoying at first, but eventually the truth hit me: The game was designed to be played with one hand.  There's some disturbing and uncomfortable content. There are also some genuinely funny moments.  Combat starts off simple and shallow, but evenutally evolves. The characters are generally likeable - especially Ramius.  The two biggest factors which drove me to complete the game: 1 - Wondering just how far the developers were willing to go 2 - Enjoying the casual conversations between party members  I'd recommend it.  But do be warned:  if you insist on consent between 2-D characters, you'd better pass on this one. 
I bought for the lewd, but stayed for the gameplay... Evenicle has it's flaws but does the job on allowing you to marry ten women so you don't have to try it in real life.
A good surprise among H-games, for this game is actually a well put together RPG. For a game who's main focus is sex scenes the creators certainly put a good amount of effort into all the other aspects of the game. The characters are all lovable and hilarious, with the main character being the prime example because of his main goal being to sleep with as many woman as possible while still being an all around good guy. The other main characters, with almost all of them being women, are characters all their own and you get a good feel of there personality and their role in the game's story. It's great that the game takes time to develop all the female characters before, during, and after having sex with the main character. The story is pretty good, if you've played other JRPG's the worldbuilding is very similar. The gameplay is very much like standard turn-based RPG, with a sprinkle of uniqueness just enough for you to have to form strategies using the abilities and strengths of your party members.   All in all, it's a good H-game that didn't get lazy on the game aspect. At the best, you get a great H-game with good gameplay and plenty, and i mean plenty of scenes. At the worst, you get a bunch of H-scenes with an adequate RPG you need to play to progress.
Have yet to clear the game but i can honestly say i like what im seeing. The game has engaging storyline and even better artwork with several jokes placed in some of minor characters dialog. The gameplay is funnily similar to pokemon mystery dungeon. only complaint is that they put a constantly regenerating boss monster in the second chapter. Hence why i have yet to finish the game. Stupid thing begins to regenerate after you take out half its health. Hopefully this can be solved with some level grinding before you get the antidote and a couple of seprate save files. Oh and the nude and sex scenes are pretty artfull in a this is more than a sex game kind of way. Which is what this game is, a game with some sex scenes thrown in.
lol one of the gifts for this holidays theme is Hand Sanatizer, Probably need a little bit of that after playing this amazing game.
+fun, immersive and colorful  don't forget to disable the "cursor auto move" annoyingly turned up by default   -can't play it with a controller
Plays like an old style RPG, fun, worth the buy.
Honestly, I haven't gotten this much value for my money since the Witcher 3. 60 hours in (no fapping included) and I'm not even close to finishing it. No grinding either. Worth every penny.
Wow. I'm... blown away.  I was expecting dirt-tier Hunie Pop porn wrapped around a basic frame, but what I got was a full-scale JRPG, complete with a fun, yet simple battle system, neat world, and a great story. I've felt compelled to keep playing just to see and experience what happens next.  In fact, I completely forget this is an H-game until some PENETRATION pops on the screen.   I totally recommend it.
Evenicle is quite simply a very good RPG/Eroge.  Set in a fantasy world with magical rules in place, we follow Asterix in his search for waifus! yes, plural.  With this simple premise we are introduced to the story, which in itself is both lighthearted and can become quite heavy sometimes, but it never takes itself too seriously.  I don't want to spoil too much, but the story is worth a read, it's quite beefy and never gets boring.  That being said, let's talk about the other part of the game. The battle system.  It is well done and very much your run of the mill JRPG warfare, but the abilities and the skill point system make it quite fulfilling when you manage to set up your party just the way you want it for a particularly hard battle, none of the battles are too lengty if you've got the right setup, trial and error is very much a must for some of them, but if you get a PKO you can immediatelly try again and it gives you the chance to rethink your skills and strategy, a very welcome addition, specially since you need to figure out a bunch of stuff if you plan to finish the whole game %100 (there are "MEGA MONSTERS" strewn around the world that are optional boss battles, can you defeat them all?).  Now regarding the presentation of the game, you'll mostly move on the overworld via a top down 3d scene with your avatar, at first I felt like it was going to get boring, but the whole thing is quite charming after you get over the initial shock of watching PSone era graphics, and it will be nonsensical in the long run because everything else is presented in your usual VN format, with text on the bottom an beautiful scenery and characters in the backround.  The whole map is divided into 6 parts, each with its own theme and feel to it, and every one feels alive with the characters and stories you follow, if anything this game excelled in was making it feel like a real world you're exploring.  Exploration is rewarding , not only can you find special skills in places way off the main path, the places are colorful vibrant and every one of them are distinct and interesting to look at, the whole world is explorable but it's not a dreadful thing in itself, I wouldn't call it big, it's more on the small side of the spectrum, but it's filled with interesting little tidbits that might get a chuckle or two out of you.  Now, regarding the mechanics on the VN side, you don't really have much of a choice, so the real meat of the game is in the battles, although it haves a good mechanic where you need to fill your "love meter" and you'll be able to go back home, have a very heartwarming/sexy scene with one of your wives, and unlock new abilities for you and your wives, everything else is pre-arranged so there are no real wrong answers, the ending you get is the ending you get and you can't choose who you marry, but don't worry, it's handled in a good way and storywise it makes sense for it to be that way.  The magic of the "Love Meter" becomes aparent when you travel from one region to the next, the monsters will always seem overbearing making you want to "grind" a bit before continuing, something I personally detest in RPG games, but with the inclussion of the "Love Meter", and splitting the scenes you can get after you finish each chapter, it makes it exiting to grind since you're not only waiting for the next level, but you're also rewarded with a scene with one of the wives, something to look up to while doing one of the most boring parts of this kinds of games.  Amongst leveling up, exploring, fighting MEGA MONSTERS and filling your "Love Meter" you would think, "that's good enough... right?" well, there is one more thing regarding mechanics, the "Capture" system, you see, there are "Gal Monsters" around that you can catch and they can be used as items to give your party bonuses, or you can sell them to help you buy items, there are a total of 24 different "Gal Monsters" you can capture, so add Pokemon to the mix of stuff to do in this game.  There is one other aspect of the game, the H scenes... there are plentiful, the Seiyuus have a very good range and gave a very distinct feeling to each encounter, but I have to point out, not all the scenes are up to par, some look amazing, but others lack a whole bunch on proportions and perspective, nothing too intrussive, you can still enjoy the scenes but you'll notice when they probably hired a third party to make the scenes because there is a distinct change in quality on some of them, overall they aren't bad, specially since the text makes up for it by being imaginative and inspirational, if you enjoy to read good smut, then you're all set.  Now that I mentioned the Seiyuus, I have to talk about the quality of the sound, the music is enjoyable albeit a bit forgetable, and it goes very well with each scene and section of the game, you can hear your wives putting that extra effort when fighting alongside you, and overal the quality of the voices is very good.  Now, since this is a VN where you don't really make choices, and you can see everything it haves to offer in a single playtrough (and if you don't, it gives you the option to continue playing and finish everything you didn't get to finish) the replay value is non-existant, one playtrough is enough and you don't get a NG+, but considering the price, the amount of story crammed in there, the exploration and the secrets it haves, I have to say it's well worth the price.  BUYER BEWARE, Not all scenes are lovey dovey, there ARE NTR scenes in this game, rape and a bit of gore, you can HOLD CTRL to skip the scenes fast if you can't stomach this scenes, and due to the nature of the game they are unavoidable, but considering it's sickeningly sweet on all the other aspects, they make for a gut wrenching contrast storywise and I don't think it would be as enjoyable to get to do something about it if they weren't there, it will make you HATE people in this game, so they serve its purpose and you'll find yourself more invested into the story thanks to this, but if you CAN'T stomach them even within context and there is no way you would EVER want to own or have anything to do with those topics, then DON'T buy this game... slight spoiler, nothing happens to "your" wives, so once they are with "you" they are safe, so don't worry about that.  I've played a TON of Eroge VNs, that's why I call my self Hentai Master, with this backround I can safelly say this game IS a must buy, if you take one single thing and compare it with others of it's kind it might not hold up, but with everything integrated, mechanics, characters, story, it very much is up there with the best, it does what it does and it excells on it.
The RPG part of this is not very complex but solid nevertheless. The plot is pretty standard fare so far, although there are some surprising bits due to the protagonists urges. Some of the themes are presented... less than ideally, but it's nevertheless been a pretty fun game so far. Definitely try to get this on sale.   Oh also, the theme music of [spoiler] the scene where you first meet the king [/spoiler] sounds like Ravel's bolero. Just thought I'd put this here.
This is what real art looks like.
Tired of harem animes where the MC is worthless? Want a casual JRPG with an awesome story, hilarious dialogue, and cute girls? Do you want to set out on a sex filled quest to marry your sisters?  Because this is the game for you!
Great story and gameplay is fun too.
Bought it because I love Nan Yaegashi's art
I like how quickly the story progresses unlike many other visual novels which try to drag a few minutes story out to half an hour. While simple there is a lot to the story and world of Evenicle.
One man's quest to find and marry the perfect wife, in order to marry his perfect wives. It makes sense in context.  Behind your hormone drive of the main character, there's actually a pretty decent story to be told in the politics of the sword and magic world of Evenicle. Each character has a solid backstory that drives them and the plot forward, some with pretty heart-wrenching narrative at times. I found myself attached to all the party members in the end (one way or another), and didn't dislike any of them.  Gameplay is very simple and straightforward, and probably the weakest aspect of the game. You're given a "BP Gauge" that fills up by one every turn, and you can either attack without using it or use a special skill that depletes it by a certain amount. The game is in no way difficult or strategic, and I found myself basically using the same moves for 2/3 of the story unless a certain boss reqired some grinding - not much in terms of customization and what the games hands you during progress, equipment and skill-wise. Linearity is something you'll need to get familar with, as there's not much to do outside the story other than the occasional collectable or sub-boss.  The art though, is probably what drew a lot of people to the game: most might recognize it from the same artist who did Senran Kagura. The characters are cute and expressive, the CGs are pretty,  and yeah, the game comes uncensored, so you get all scenes without the need for any patch. Said scenes are also nice, although some questionable ones are there at times that probably aren't for the faint of heart or people who like just vanilla stuff. The sprites overworld and in combat aren't too bad, but honestly they could probably do a bit better over something that came from the PS2 era.  Now then, the only thing left to mention would probably be the price: did I enjoy the game? Definitely. Is it worth 3/4 the price of a AAA title? Questionable. $45 is really steep, so you'd probably be paying for more of the VN aspects of the game over the RPG aspects. Best girl goes to [spoiler]___ramius___[/spoiler].
Suprisingly easy to play with one hand.
Great game. Unlike other games of this type, the main cast develops over time and they have endearing personalities - and aren't just O-face girls. There's plenty of sex and hymen-busting. Note that there is some rape, but no NTR for the main char. Other than that, I have nothing bad to say about this game.  Gameplay is solid. You level up, get skill points, and attribute skill points however you want. There are enough different useful skills that everyone isn't just picking the same useful skills while ignoring the junk skills - you can actually make different builds.  Get this, for any price. 
I went into Evenicle expecting it to be something similar to Meltys Quest, an RPG maker game with serviceable mechanics and a likeable enough story that serves as a vehicle to get to the next H-Scene. What I instead found was a good RPG with an extremely endearing cast and a shockingly good story. The H-Scenes of course are top tier, as when you develop a connection with the characters it makes the scenes feel more real and impactful. Overall Evenicle is a grand experience and definitely worth the price of admission. Also Ramius is the best girl. Dont @ me.
Came for the 'Plot', stayed for the plot
More like this, please!
If you like vn rpg buy it, its game like casual version of rance.
What can one say about this game? It is Uncensored with a sfw patch you can find online (google) or I believe the patched it into the game as an option now for those just wanting to play a game like myself.
I love this game but this is a review just for this nominations thing. I'll update to a full one once I finish the game.  Still recommended (^_^)b
At first, I bought this game for the adult content and was not expecting much of anything else... What I got was nothing short of amazing. The adult content was there and in copius amounts, but the game itself is amazing and I'm talking easily in the top 5 RPG games I have EVER played in my almost 30 years of gaming. Character story development is perfection and you will fall in love with the characters that fight alongside you. Speaking of the storyline, it is extremely emotional. I'm not an emotional person and I laughed, cried, felt joy, anger, and even some hopelessness during the time I have played it. Graphics are rough, but with this story you wont need a bunch of CGI eye candy. Gameplay is turn based and there is a grind, but even the grind is never long enough to take away from the game's fun factor. The grind also will not guarantee a victory meaning that you will still need think during fights. You can easily rack up 80 hours of gameplay before you hit 100% completion. This is the best $45 I spent on a video game ever and I give it my highest recommendation. Well done Alicesoft.
Buy
It's nice.
well the first cave was unexpected good game though
Great game, spent about 70 hours to get all the side quests complete.  CGI is fantastic.
Great game, worth the price ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Evenicle is a very engaging adult game with tons of content, fun gameplay, really interesting and unique setting and a ton of cute girls to satisfy a vast range of tastes. It's also really inspiring to see this game uncensored on Steam. It's  worth its money, just look at my playtime!
An excellent JRPG and eroge with hilarious writing.  If you enjoy those three things, you won't be disappointed here.
It's got basic, yet pretty fun JRPG elements. Though I'm sure that's not why anyone is getting this for.
Great game! Really well done story and great artwork. Well worth the price.
Sometimes a guy just wants multiple wives.
so good that i have nominated this game for the better with friends award
A good introduction to Alicesoft games
Senran Kagura, now with actual porn!
Haven't had much time to play it, but still GOTY for me.
I started this yesterday and I pulled a allnighter to keep playing XD.
The story is good enough for me at least and the ero CG's are absolutely good
Let's be real here, anyone who sees this game knows what it's about right? Well I thought so too til I got into it and encountered the first f***in CG screen.  That being said, it's a great game, With a great story. Characters have their own quirks, backstory, and share a rather simple goal. Oh, and hentai. Just fucking hentai everywhere, you stop to jack off at each moment you'll spend an entire year on this game alone.  To sum it up, 10/10 would recommend if you enjoy 2d girls and don't mind looking over your shoulder Everytime you play.
the dialouge is fun; probably one of the best hentai RPGs i've ever played
Nice game
This game is amazing.
Lewd and Gewd, wen is sequel?  there may be a few themes explored in game that may not be to your taste or you may well find upsetting, you can hold ctrl to quickly pass through these scenes but just a heads up.  There are a LOT of CGs in this game compared to most eroge i've played and the art is by the same artist that does Senran Kagura.
Disregard the time played because I played the mangagamer version 2 times.  So Alicesoft on steam huh?! This game has everything that make alicesoft great cool characters,good interactions,good artwork and a fun story that have dark and heavy themes but Its little turn down in comparison of the other alicesoft titles. As RPG the gameplay is very simple but it is more than a lot of eroge around and the world map is great.  I recommend the game to anyone who wants an eroge with gameplay but that does not require much of the player,to have fun because it has a lot of good and funny dialogue and if you do not feel offended by heavy scenes.
If you're looking for a hentai game I guess this *is* one, but the rest of the game is actually pretty good, and the dialog is sometimes laugh out loud funny.  I think there is an option to censor the game, but I'd only do that if you were going  to let kids play or something?  The game mechanics aren't too complex, and sometimes there is so much dialog it can be daunting, but there are skip functions and autoscroll so it's not a big deal.  Pervy Raimus is by far the best.
Interesting game. It was enjoyable. I bought the game for both the rpg features and the H scenes. I'm looking forward to see more rpg H games, games from alicesoft and eushully for example. I'm really fond of them.  pro: -Nice rpg elements -Good art -Good enough lifetime -Enjoyable OST (but not special at all)  cons: -zero replayability [see below] -Limited keyboard shortcuts (added after reading an evaluation, i absolutely agree!) (+-con: please add a wait/pass button always visible during fights...At the end of the game we can have so many skills that "wait" gets pushed on the skills second page)  neutral: -Unrelatable characters -Generic story -Very simple/stereotypical side characters -Unrewarding Grinding (linked to lack of replayability)  [THIS CONTAINS MILD SPOILER OVER THE GAMEPLAY THAT COULD UNDERMINE YOUR FUN, PLAY THE GAME ONCE IF YOU DON'T WANT THAT] Zero replayability:  Basically the story is the same whatever you do, every side quest brings nothing fancy, just stuff that can be looted or bought in late game, basically no "unique" items. They can be done after the game is finished, so no reason to replay. The open world is blocked with trivial reasons: "it's too windy to go there" "it's not interesting" "the water is too deep" which means you'll always fights enemies you can beat (there's one exception but i'm not spoiling, though that exception is so-so). Strong enemies are not even a threat, the optional bosses maybe but you defeat once and it's over, you'll just loot a generic item that won't make you relevant. Anyway, you get the same equipements because you buy them in shops, they're always the same, whatever your level, so there's not even a peculiar reason to level up or explore since exploration don't bring you unique items or equipements only consumable and skills that are not "that interesting" to get, the difficulty can't be changed and it's so-so, not a threat but don't just do the same attack you'll have trouble, also the story is linear as heck. And last but not least: no new game+.
+ Art drawn by Senran Kagura's artist. + Key event are voiced, but not all events. + Fun story, and memeable dialogues. + It's eroge from Alicesoft! + *cough* uncensored R18 scene *cough*  - Gameplay is not the strong point Evenicle has. Not difficult, because you can just grind the level. Not too easy, at least for some boss battle, especially if you want to play against mega monster/boss battle.
11/10 - MOAR Alicesoft plz... 10 for being a game by the legendary Alicesoft +1 for taking 69 hours to 100% and reach lv.99  More seriously...  Evenicle is an eroge, with fairly simple JRPG combat, a lot of wandering around, and a lot of dialog.  It has a funny and engaging story detailing the adventure of a harem protagonist with an insatiable drive in a world with sexuality woven into its origin and traditions.  The cg is very well done, few bits of odd anatomy here and there, but mostly unnoticable. Scenes are vanilla for the most part.  As an eroge it tries to check a number of boxes when it comes to scenes, and some of them might just not be specifically for you.  If you can't handle it, just close your eyes, and fast forward, you won't miss much of the plot. The in-game art assets are consistant but nothing to write home about, they do their job (many of them are recycled from other alicesoft titles. e.g. Rance)  The writing is strong throughout, dialog is often amusing, the characters are well developed and each get their time to shine.  The plot is cliche, in spite of that it still has its fair share of climaxes, and is mostly satisfying.  The combat is trivial, a good strategy will carry you through the entire game, save for a few of the bosses, and mega monsters who will foil your plans.  The gear and itemization is mostly just numerical upgrades, there just isn't very much to it.  Would invite my hanny's over to play again...  If I had any...
evenicle 2 english announcement when?
This game can be completed in around 50 hours with several aditonal hours if you want 100% completion.  This is a JRPG with VN elements. Graphics wise this is just around PS2 level but art style is much better.  This was a surprise hit for me. Sure its an eroge but the LORE was very intriguing. The best comparison i can come up with is with anime Kill la Kill. Everything has a reason why Fabric is important in that world and it will be explained within the series on why it was important. I will not explain anymore since it will be spoilers already. but it was GREAT enough to hook me in.  Plot wise it has a specific pattern with all chapters as well as lack of "choices".Most of the time(streamlined) There are only few instances of choices appearing and it will just end up as a different scenario and you will just end back at the choice again.   I still want to warn buyers though even if the first impressions seem the game to be light hearted it only takes an hour or 2 for you to realize that this has DARK scenarios. If you check the tags associated with this game and think they are just false. They're not those are actually true  Art style and scenes are done VERY well. The only thing it lacks are sometimes additonal viewpoints or character\position changes.   Pros - Good Art and VAs  -World Building is top notch - Uncensored - Regional Pricing!!! After losing more and more Devs and publishers to keep the same pricing in higher income countries its nice to see Devs and publishers attract and price if fairly. Hey if the other Devs like Square and KOEI doesn't want my money then I'll give it to other devs\publishers that support it properly. - SEQUEL?! Yup the game has a continuation which is discussed in the lore. Its not yet confirmed here in Steam but hopefully Mangagamer publishes it here as well(and hopefully still stick with regional pricing) it will be a day 1 purchase for me  Room for improvements - Gameplay - RPG elements are bare minimum but i would still consider this better than just strictly VN - Scenes needing more different POV. - STeam release improvements - Achievements and TRADING CARDS!! Just add them already   Cons - Predictable scenarios each chapter
i was sceptical about high price but to be honest its 50% cheaper than most new AAA games that give you like 10h gameplay i spent almost 60h to finish this game i had a blast its linear you have no choice how the story ends but thats very nice  characters are all different and very likeable story is very smooth and you just want to see whats next :) ill probably spend next 10h or so to finish game for 100% kill all megamonsters and get till lvl 99  ill grade it 12/10
I missed work for this... Will more than likely miss work again.
This is a great game.  Gameplay is pretty laidback and carefree, reminds me of the Neptunia games a bit. Many of the H scenes I've seen are so lovey-dovey it almost makes my stomach turn. I haven't finished the game yet, but I most certainly will be beating it.  Alicesoft on steam. What a world.
ALICESOFT! ALICESOFT! ALICESOFT! ALICESOFT! THE WORLD NEED ALICESOFT!  Please translate much more games, such as Rance series we will buy it all, no doubt.
This is an awesome uncensored eroge! I'm enjoying it very much and considering how long it is - I still haven't finished with 80+ hours playtime, though admittedly I'm taking my sweet time as I'm enjoying it too much to just rush through everything - it is definitely worth its full price. Evenicle actually has a lot to offer besides the ero content. It has a compelling story and a decent JRPG combat system, though the latter is not very challenging.  Characters are likeable and the overall presentation is fitting.  With all that said, I'd also like to point out a few negatives: The CGs are overall beautiful - as expected from the artist who did the Senran Kagura art.  However, in many of the CGs and sprites characters are drawn with weird anatomy. This unfortunately takes away a bit from the sexiness of the characters. In the same manner, while this game is completely uncensored, which is greatly appreciated, the usually mosaiced parts are drawn rather lackluster.  Both female and male lower body parts were not given the attention they deserved and as such don't look very good.  The game also featured some content that I did not appreciate, though this is of course a question of personal taste/fetishes. (Spoiler Warning) [Spoiler]The game features a scene where the main character leaves two of his wives with a tentacle monster to get 'cleaned' (basically a tentacle sex scene) while he finishes a secret mission. The wives end up enjoying the sexual stimulation. I personally despise NTR (Cuckoldry) and dislike having characters I was supposed to build an intimate relationship with having sex with someone/thing else.  This scene almost made me stop playing, as I have been too jarred by too many Anime, Manga and Doujin going full NTR.  Luckily the game recovers quickly and I was able to keep going, however the 2 heroines involved are much less appreciated by me now which is very unfortunate.  The game features r*pe scenes which are depicted fairly disturbingly, however as those are not with the main heroines they get a pass. These r*pe scenes do manage to add to the overall story and scenario.  That being said, one of them is treated somewhat illogical with everyone including the victim acting completely unfazed as if it never happened right in the next story scene and one of the instigators gets away with just a punch in the face and is still on friendly terms with everyone including the victim and her partner. This doesn't make sense considering how violent and jarring the r*pe was depicted and makes the characters less believable. [/Spoiler]  With all of the whining about content I disliked out of the way:  There are way too few different fetishes represented (basically everything besides NTR I can work with). The game has featured mostly vanilla vag*nal sex. There has been only one anal and one oral sex scene as well as one paizuri scene up until chapter 5, where I'm currently at. [Spoiler](Not including the gangr*pe scenes)[/Spoiler]   Overall I greatly enjoy this game.  Just hoping there won't be any more [Spoiler]NTR of the main heroines[/Spoiler].
I need sequel
It took me 54h to complete the game with 100% Collection and 100% CG Gallery. Some might think that the price of the game is too high but comparing it to other full price titles, spending 38€ for a game with 50+ hours of enjoyable content is well worth it in my opinion.  Story: The story first seems to be nothing special. Just an ordinary fantasy world with an ordinary save the world setting. A lot of plot points also seemed obvious or predictable but the game also surprises one in some chapters and grabs one's curiosity. I still enjoyed it a lot and it felt unique. The characters are also well written, the companions have a high variety of personalities and most villains got a reasonable motive or backstory which makes them feel less blunt.  Gameplay: Nothing too special, classic jrpg turn-based combat. You can set skills and abilities for your characters but you won't mess a lot with equipment. It's mostly just buying the next best equipment in the next shop and that's all there is to it. I mainly had +Exp items in my extra slots for faster leveling.  There are moments where you can just auto-battle a lot of the areas but there are also areas where the enemies become challenging and you have to think about the combat and be wary of your health bars. I didn't grind too much in the game, I could progress through the game with a medium to a-bit-challenging difficulty. I only had to grind a bit at the later chapter but it didn't feel like a huge deal.  Mentionable note: There were a lot of sections which were just chains of dialogues. It was literally walking from dialogue to dialogue. So if someone is not really into reading the story and JUST wants the gameplay, then I wouldn't recommend it.
Game's definitely worth it,albeit the story ends,in my opinion,in an unsatisfactory way. Also,once game's completed there's not much else to do(besides starting a new playthrough). On a positive note now,characters design and soundtracks are pretty well done. Dialogues are pretty much amusing,especially the ones involving Kath(best wife imo). That said,I hope there's going to be more Aster in the upcoming Evenicle 2(which is supposed to release someday in december). 
First of all, i did'nt even realize that i've spend 80 hours in this game LOL ....  I've fully completed it and enjoyed every minute in the game.   [b]The Text below is a Review about this game I've seen on the Website from Mangagamer. I didnt wrote this but it inspired me to play this game so i wanted to copy it in here![/b]  Evenicle is an ero-JRPG in the vein of the rance series, and by the same makers. I've seen plenty of people wondering if this game is worth picking up, and let me tell you, it most definitely is. I'll break down exactly why as best i can within the character limit.  Story:  The story of Evenicle is absolutely fantastic; it's classic JRPG fare done right, and done well. It plays with themes like human desire, our inclination to destroy ourselves, but also how these desires are the very essence of what it is to be human and are ultimately what make life worth living, even if they sometimes take control.  As the story progresses, the main evil organization starts to seem less like random douchbags, and more like a collection of people trying to free humanity from the shackles imposed on it by Mother Eve, albeit in a very destrutive way.  Eroticism:  Many ero games end up feeling like normal RPGs, with eroticism just sort of hap-hazardly thrown in as essentially random fap-material. Not so in Evenicle. The eroticism is built into the very world of Evenicle, such that is is a part of the story from top to bottom. Many plot points revolve around ero, and the main driving narrative involves the main character essentially on a quest to build up his clout so that he can build his harem.  Unlike the rance series, however, where you basically play as a rapist whose sex is so mind-blowingly good he ends up winning over his "victims", the ero in Evenicle is much more vanilla. The vast majority of it is loving, vanilla sex with his wives, albeit with plenty of crazy scenarios involved. This might sound like a bad thing, but unless you are dead-set against vanilla, it really isnt.  The relationship between aster and his wives is fantastic, as they are all fully fleshed out characters, and he genuinely loves all of them. They are more of an ever-growing family who all eat dinner together, joke and fight with each other, and all get along like a normal family would. They just all happen to also be screwing the protagonist.  Part of the allure of the game's progression also revolves around the eroticism: as you get further in the game, your number of "wive slots" increases. Each time it does, and you progress into the next area, you are always wondering who the next wive will be, as you encounter several characters that you don't end up marrying until a few chapters after meeting them. Will i finally marry that girl i met two chapters ago? will i marry someone completely new i havent met yet? the game keeps you wanting to progress forward to find out, just as much as to find out about the main plot.  Characters and Writing:  Perhaps the single strongest part of Evenicle is the characters and the writing. i honestly didnt find a single character. They all have great dialogue, they all get plenty of laughs, they play off of each other, they respond situations believeably, and all of them build a genuine family together with the protagonist as the game progresses.  Evenicle is absolutely fantastic, one of the best ero-rpgs i've ever played, and at easily over 40+ hours, it's well worth every penny. I just hope they make a sequel!  This ends the Review from [b]NecroVane[/b]! Thanks to you Bud !!!  So the only thing to say in the end...  I'm also looking forward playing Evenicle 2 !!!
I actualy play it because of story.
LOVE THIS GAME!
Tiddies.    Actually a fun game.
Contains addult commentary  [spoiler]Just a few seconds into the gameplay, there's this twins that offered me their Virginity. Just a few Minutes into the gameplay, i found myself staring at a Raeb scene. Just a few hours into the gameplay, i found myself a bride who are willing to have xex rightaway. [/spoiler]  10/10
Solid purchase, first kamige to come out on steam (of hopefully more to come), it's a very funny, erotic JRPG. Finished main story and gallery with 80 hours clocked in, there's still some mega monsters left to do and catch that elusive lucky can can, so there's a lot of content and it was worth every cent. [spoiler]Millet's was the hottest scene ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Party members personal favorite ranks: Ramius>Riche>Kath>Gurigura Side Waifus : Erimo > Tio > Towa > Croix > Sisters[/spoiler]
I bought this game for scientific research.
This game is presented in three layers.   The first layer you will see is the p0orn theme. Where there are two types, the vainilla and the r@pe... and the r@pe is represented as the awful thing it is (except few very few times that is a punishment for the girl). You will feel disgusted when happen and never the game say is ok. The image are well designed and you could like it if you are thinking in vanilla hentai...   The second layer is the dungeon crawler mechanics. IN this case i don't feel it hard, or easy.. just normal.. going to easy, until last part of game Basicly the game finish being from normal to hard. Sadly sometimes you will not know what have to do for win.. example a creature that if you kill the rest of enemy team you are death, and this affect when you are doing the last things. Basicly a lot of fights will be lose (and a lot of times load to gain time), change skills think in a strategy and try again. sadly you will only feel that " i don't get why they want i do  for win". I still not do the last two fights... but cause i need level.. im level 76 and not do enough damage for win 1 battle and other is in a place horrible to even try the optional boss.. it not help that farm is horrible too, basicly depend of find lucky can can and that is boring... still wil have 60 hours for enjoy games.     The third and last layer is the humanity and their dark side. Basicly after you finish chapter 1 you will enter the the spiral of darkness going each time worst. Even in chapter 1 if you take your time to think about their world. you will feel disgusted about mother eve from start. I put this on the third layer cause i don't know if all people will take their time to think in the messages of the game, but in the ending that message will be shown a little more clear, or you just focus in the p0orn.. actually in the P0orn part i just pass to auto and did other thing, like it a lot more this third layer and think their message.   now the end game content is really finish a litte things in the time you level up to finish the megamonsters.. and here you will see the problem... what i did.. .well basicly i go to the last dungeon i can do that the skill that kill fast activate. and move and kill the few ones that not kill... but why not kill in the last dungeon.. well too much time for get just a little more exp... basicly the exp is unbalanced in all way... so get to level 90 is a pain (unless you are lucky to find lucky pan pan). Probably the good news  is that you can finish all content at level 83... but just have to say.. kill first kong king than v2.. basicly v2 and the game not tell you gives a game over at 10 turn.. and the dizzy give you more turns... so with a good strategy can kill it.. sadly you need power too.. and at 83  got a little lucky after more of 1 hour.. probably i could use that hour for get 3 more levels.. but get level is boring.. just too boring.    At the end i think this game is complex.. the story is not a simple story and that is the thing i like a lot in game. Sadly for appreciate it you need to the your homework and think about their world.. their rules and try to think not like the main char.. but as the rest of the that world. Actually i never tought a game like this could get me wanted to know more about the villains and their reasons.. and maybe you could even say that the villain was not so wrong.
Thank you Valve for allowing AliceSoft on Steam. This game is solid and fun so far and the H scenes are pretty decent!
When Dark Elf was first released despite its horrid translations, bugs and gameplay I gave it a treatment similar to that of a mother to her youngest autistic daughter. Despite how many times she bit my hand or smear poop on the walls I still praised her for not drinking the laundry detergent. Now, the reason for my support has manifested as good eroge has begun to enter steam.  From that first paragraph I am sure you can already tell how I feel about this game. If you're as dense as god damned Jupiter, I would let this game do me just as every heroine in this game lets the MC do them. In layman's term, it's at the very least 1000/10.  What? A mere number isn't enough for you? You want a thorough review? Aren't we entitled now. But if you want a girl hentai artist's perspective fine, I'll give it to you. But you better be over 18 because I'll be sucking this game's chinchin until my jaw drops. So without further delay let's start!  Evenicle is an eroge made by Alicesoft. What's Alicesoft you ask? Just the company that brought to us Sengoku Rance! If you don't know what Sengoku Rance is then please leave this page before I stain your innocent little minds! If that's not enough to get your attention the guy who designed the characters in this game are all by Takashi Torii! "Who's Takashi Torii?"- says some random idiot. Listen you uncultured swine, Takashi Torii is the character designer of Senran Kagura! Senran god damned Kagura! The tandem of these two entities make for an amazing one- two thrust which will surely knock you up I- I mean knock off... your feet.  The artstyle is godly, as expected of the man who brought us Senran Kagura. Everyone including the worthless NPCs look beautiful and those who matter look even better! This translates magnificently to the CGs that are all just breathtaking! Best of all, this game has the balls to make sure that everything is UNCENSORED! Because of this, while this work is certainly not the best game to stream, it is certainly the best in making you gush a stream. Whether you're man, woman, trap or reverse trap you will appreciate the amazing details in every art work that transcends our mortal plane!  Gameplay is not only decent, but it's fun and engaging! While it pales in comparison to games that really focus more on gameplay it's waaayyyyy ahead of everything else that's on this genre. The overworld looks great and the artwork during battle are also all decent! Furthermore, if you manage to catch "gal monsters", you are rewarded magnificent CGs that are simply fabulous. The difficulty of the enemies are also very challenging! It draws you in by giving you fodder then gradually increases the difficulty until you realize you're being molested by a girl holding a pencil, watch out because she'll shove the business end of that pencil so far up your filthy hole you will be drawing with your lips.  Plot is incredibly entertaining. Going into this game I had no expectations for its story but after playing through it I can say that it managed to immerse me in. You're some bloke who can't control his chinchin and always wants to shove it inside women's chitsus, kinda like in real life. You can't do that because if you do, the laws of the world will punish you and label you an outlaw, which is a punishment only equalled by death. The only way you can then do this is by becoming a knight which will give you the privilege to marry someone. How many wives you're allowed to have is dependent on your rank as a knight. Because you're an uncontrollable pervert you've made it your sworn duty to reach the rank of Zero (the highest rank) to be able to get as many wives as you can (10 but who's counting?). In the middle of doing that you get caught up in the affairs of the kingdom and soon find yourself fighting not only for the oppais and denbus but also for the fate of the world! This game surprised me with its many twists which still has me asking for more.  Soundtrack is amazing! Each place you go to has a different score which fits the area. Not much really to say here. While it's not the best there is, the soundtrack for this game is nothing short of awesome.  Translations do not only work but are the best! None of those machine translations taht sometimes show you moonrunes. It's clear that the studio did not cheap in and really hired a professional to do the translations!  Voice Acting... oh god the voice acting. As a girl I am used to the sound of women's lewd moans. After all, if I ever want to hear some I only have open my shameless mouth... to the shame of my parents. Despite that however the voice acting in this game made me blush... and maybe even a little drippy.  Characters are all freaking awesome. There's not a single character who's "generic". They're all unique from each other and they all have their quirks. There's the dumb cool one, the bright cute one, the dumb cute one, the socially inept cute bright one, and many more! All the characters in your party have their backstories and they're all explored and fleshed out! Then all the wives that are not in your party are all stellar! And most importantly ERIMO IS BEST GIRL!  Overall no matter how much I dislocate my jaw in sucking this game's chinchin I will still not be able to fit its massive girth. It's difficult to swallow... that an eroge like this can take all my time while there are "triple A" games in front of me just waiting to be played. This game is one of the best, if not the best, eroge I've played on steam. It was so good that I bought 2 more for my friends. In summary, if you're a fan of Japanese eroge, then Evenicle is a must buy. If you're new to the genre, it's a game that will gently welcome you into the genre. If you're not a fan of newds and lewds then stay away... why are you even on this page reading this review?! So, for fans, please consider buying this and not pirate it! The artist drew his heart out and in my honest opinion deserve every penny.  "Dunno if it's 'cause I just came, but it feels better than when we started"- Erimo
This may just be, hands down, the best JRPG I have played in terms of characters and story.  Yes, it is an H game so there are sexual elements, but that is secondary -- perhaps even tertiary -- to the rest of the game.   The characters and humor comes first, and both of those elements are top notch.  Plenty of exploration.  Some hard-mode monsters to beat.  Collectibles.  You can fast forward.  The weakest link is the combat, but its still better than all the other H games out there.
bought for the senran kagura art style and does not disappoint
Evenicle is supposed to "reemplaze" Rance after Rance X (although they probably will remake stuff and make other games to fill the continuity of the games before ending it) well, overall the story isn't much is about defeating a bad organization, save the world and have sex with beautiful woman, the characters are a colorful cast of sometimes fleshed out and sometimes forgetable and stereotypical but that overall does it job, as for the gameplay nothing really amazing compared to other things made by the company, is fun and does it's job, if I have any big issue would be the main protagonist being extremely bland and constantly being compared to Rance despite being far from him, so if you want a fairly decent JRPG that has sex scenes it is a good choice (be warn that some scenes will be too much for some people specially later on the game)
If there is two things the Japanese are good at, it's composing some rockin beats on old systems and making some really sexy pictures.    And that's how I got that huge semen stain on my ceiling.
Where is Evenrance patch?
i like this game, eroge + rpg. my first run are 15hour just for story, and my 2nd new game run are for completing the game with sidequest, capturing gal monster, beat megamonster and all sidequest. the only thing i cant complete are get all skill for all char.
Honestly, this game has surprised me. Thanks to Steam, MangaGamer and Alicesoft for releasing this here and with an excellent translation and uncensored none the less. Ero material aside (Which is quite tasty mind you), the story is actually really quite gripping! I find myself playing more to find out what the hell is going to happen next rather than for the ero stuff. Which I've never really experienced before in this type of game. The battle system is a little simple but I never got annoyed by it. All in all it's an A++ experience.
I spent 37 hours straight on this game, and i had so much fun with it. Was orgininally dissappointed it ended so fast, but no worries, Evenicle 2 is coming out in a few months so YAHOO!  -p.s.: Kathryn is best waifu there is
it's alicesoft, it can't be bad  I'm actually enjoying this more than I should and somehow it reminds me of a classic title, Brave Soul  just don't expect too much in terms of gameplay, this is first and foremost an eroge, it's most closely related to Visual Novel than JRPG, you can play this game using one hand only IYKWIM  the story itself is good, dare I say better than most AAA games but what do I know, I never play AAA games for the story  really recommended eroge, you got plot and PLOT (for whoever wants PLOT in their games), you got cute girls, it's lighthearted (at least compared to other alicesoft titles) but you also got battles, can hardly get any better IMO
Never thought I would say this, but Evenicle is a pretty fun, surprisinngly indepth Eroge JRPG.   That's not to say the game is perfect, the JRPG aspects of the game are weaker and tend to take a backseat to the Eroge aspects of the game as one would assume, but not to the degree one would expect. Sure, this is all about anime tropes and hentai first, but the fun RPG aspects are not an all that distant second. So, let's break it down a bit:  Story. Yes, it has one. What?! Okay, so it's not that great. The premise is you are a young man who wants to become a Knight so you can have sex with your twin sisters. Yes... no, I did not make that up. Eventually you find yourself in the role of a hero out to save the world, but as one could expect it's a pretty generic JRPG plot, and the "twists" in this game can be seen from miles away. But in it's own way, the childlike nature of the narrative is part of its charm, too.   Gameplay. Well, as per the nature of the game it pretty much plays one part visual novel, one part turn-based RPG. Neither aspect is groundbreaking in this title, but neither one is lacking either. That said, don't expect exhilarating turn-based combat. It feels very reminiscent of dungeon-crawler games in design and battle layout. The visual novel aspect is completely standard fare. If you have played any VNs (eroge or otherwise) you will fully grasp it in this game, too.   Presentation. Evenicle's presetation is what will likely make or break the game for most people. The visual presentation is very good from character artwork, to backgrounds and yes, the adult scenes, too, for which there are plenty. The 3D aspects of the game, mainly in world navigation is pretty dull and unpolished in comparison, but it's a minor blemish in the grand scheme. Where the game truly shines, at least in my eyes, is in the game's delivery. Eveicle is not afraid to make fun of itself in order to make fun of typical anime tropes, sexual humor, and otherwise childish antics.   That said, the game does deal with some very serious topics, particularly aroud the acts of forced sex. While the game certainly doesn't condone such actions, their childish storytelling and antics can be a bit off-putting, and can be too sharp of a juxtaposition when one moment you having a somewhat uncomfortable discussion about forced sex, and then mere moments later the game is indulging in sexual antics. I suppose what I am getting at is you have to take the game at face value, ultimately this is a perverted, fun romp, that sometimes skirts the line of very serious topics, and unfortunately can come off as somewhat uncaring. So, if you are someone who is very sensitive to such things, there is your stern warning.   Musically speaking, the game is pretty run of the mill. You're unlikely to find that the music will grate on your nerves, but you are equally unlikely to find yourself humming along to any of it either. It adequately serves it's purpose throughout the game, but never goes above and beyond.   All-in-all this game is a very fun Eroge with a mix of fun JRPG goodness mixed in. The game excels in making fun of itself and the tropes associated with the genre, but sometimes at the cost of sounding insincere with otherwise very serious adult topics. Player discretion is adviced, in more ways than one.
We need more Alicesoft games. 11/10
( ͡º ͜ʖ ͡º)( ͡º ͜ʖ ͡º) ✔️ Harem ✔️ Waifus ✔️ Lolis ✔️ Glasses ✔️ Drago Waifu ✔️ Gender Bender King ✔️ Elf Waifu ✔️ Twin Sister Waifu ✔️ Big Breasted Waifus ✔️ Mega Big Breasted Waifus ✔️ Giga Big Breasted Waifus ✔️ Other Race Waifus ✔️ Pettanko ✔️  NSFW ✔️ Dungeon Crawling ✔️ Ahegao ✔️ R*pe ✔️ Monster R*pe ✔️ Good Music ✔️ Good Scenery ✔️ Fully Uncensored ✔️ 50 Hours up of gameplay ✔️ Polygamy ✔️ Fictional World ✔️ More than seven heroines ✔️ Comedy ✔️ Map Movement ✔️ Made by Alicesoft ✔️  best eroge i played so far!! 10/10
it's eroge maker!!
10 outa 10 steam needs more games like this one
Came here for "plot" Stayed for plot   Game is actually so good you look forward for both kind of plots  Please bring more of your "plot" HEAVY!! games on steam. Consider me a new fan of yours.
Rance meets Senran Kaguraand very good translation.
Generic plot with braindead easy gameplay - it's like Dragon Quest 1, but with cute girls.  Give it a whirl.
As someone who has been playing AliceSoft games for over 20 years, thank you, Steam, for finally giving me a way to support them by delivering complete, unmodified games.  AliceSoft has a long history of creating enjoyable game mechanics in fleshed out worlds.  Hopefully this means more are on the way.    Evenicle is a fun JRPG romp.
Hella worth it.
Each day we stray further from gods light
I'm a simple man i see Alicesoft, i buy
The Auto Mode and Faster Battle speed made random encounter less annoying while the gameplay is standard of those JRPG, i liked the art and i find the story amusing.  maybe worth the price when there's price cut for it (unless you sucks for this kind of game like me)
Pirated the game before and now game the devs the money they deserve. Probably the best hentai game on the market right now.  The character design is good, and the gameplay is decent (although not deep) even on its own.  Story wise the game is great, and would make a nice playthrough even for people who are not interested into the sexual content.  It's pretty much a thought experiment asking ethical questions about the nature of men, consequences of rape and murder, the role of gods and goverments, and all that through the means of full on vaginal penetration.  Contains mostly vanilla sex of consenting adults (~90%), and some rape (men and monsters). Unwanted content can be skipped (fastward), but not completely hidden.
Alice-Soft always makes good games, this is no exception.
playable with one hand
Ignore the playtime, I played this game before it released on Steam, and re-bought here. It was about 60 hours for me to 100% the game, although just the story would run about 40 hours. There are three main aspects to this game, and I'll talk about each of them.  [i] JRPG [/i] Evenicle is a JRPG with turn-based combat. You have an overworld, dungeons, and random encounters. All standard JRPG fare, but this game knows that the JRPG isn't the main focus, so it streamlines tons of things. Mouse controls (the game was designed with mouse controls in mind, rather than a controller) and a few settings make combat so fluid, that the tediousness of more old-school JRPG combat is never felt. Menu options can be accessed from the main screen, allowing for easy saving, checking of character status, equipment changing, etc. But despite the simplicity, the skill system is deep enough to allow for a little strategy, and keeps you entertained. The gameplay really nails down the balance between not being the focus of the game, while also entertaining the player between the visual novel sections and h-scenes.  [i] Visual Novel [/i] This game is a visual novel. There are long story sections without gameplay. Not as long as some other gameplay/vn hybrids, but longer than most JRPGs. The characters, plot, and humor of the game certainly aren't ground-breaking or award-winning, but they were well executed enough to keep me entertained during the whole game. By the end, I found myself enjoying everything and wanting more.  [i] Sexual Content [/i] Sex scenes are the main draw of the game. Alicesoft makes sex-heavy games, and it considered one of the best in the business at it. Evenicle has the odd r*pe (and monster r*pe) scene - as is standard in Alicesoft games - but most of the content is vanilla. The main characters love each other and have sex often, and the shown scenes are still varied enough that all are fairly interesting. All scenes (and not only CGs) can be replayed once viewed in-story.  [i] Cohesion [/i] Most games that try to combine even two of these three aspects often feel like playing two separate games. Evenicle manages to combine all three parts in a way that oddly makes sense. Jumping from combat to sex, or long story segment to overworld exploring, never feels like jarring experience. To me, this is the game's biggest success.  EDIT: Got caught by the censor, made those words clearer.  TL;DR: Evenicle contains above average JRPG, visual novel, and sexual content game aspects, and combines them into a single, well crafted, experience.
Excellent Writing, Good Plot, REALLY GOOD PLOT ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). Art by the senran kagura team looks excellent! 100% worth the price.
After playing it for awhile, i can confirm that you can safely play this game with one hand. Giggity.
Having finished this game during the time it came out on Mangagamer. I cannot recommend this RPG enough. So long as you are okay with the erotic content in this game, please give it a try.
best graphic ( art ) and i love it since im fans of kenichiro takaki sensei artworks :3  oh and . . eventough is weird script but its still fun and bring smile on my mouth :3
This game is an absolute blast, pun intended. It's funny, it knows what it is and isn't trying to be high art. Get the game if you want a laugh, and massive anime tiddies.
Fully uncensored Alicesoft Game. "BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA" soon! 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!! Aaaaallllllllllllliiiiiccccccccceeeeeeesssssssooooofffffffttttttttttt!!!!!! Ive been waiting for this moment for years!dont have to buy stuff from dmm and find localization anymore!    My life is complete now.    Rance next?Or eve2?
I love Steam for allowing such a great game production company like Alicesoft to have their game published here.  Honestly, there has never been a bad Alicesoft game. Ever. I have played nearly all their games, from Rance I: Search for Hikari (1983) all the way to Rance X (2018). This eroge company is, dare I say, the best in the business. (Okay, so there was that time when Rance 8 was bad, but the expansion fixed that. So that sin is resolved.)  So, please buy this game. Try it even, and don't let the porn even cloud your judgement. AAA Game Devs should pay attention to games like these: Alicesoft can and will put them to shame.  My review will be written shortly. I will need to play through the game again to do my review justice.
[i]FROM THE ARTIST OF SENRAN KAGURA[/i]
More waifu for your laifu is good for the soul. Blessed be Alicesoft and Mangagamer who has graced us with this fantastic eroge.
Decent RPG elements, Great writing, and overall a solid Alicesoft game. Support the steam release! Maybe we'll see RANCE here someday too ( ͡☉ ͜ʖ ͡☉) !
With this game, it seems that Rance on steam may be a reality very soon. That said I've only played the game for two hours and the lack of graphical options are disappointing, however the game itself is pretty fun. I love how the main motivation is basically wanting to become a knight, just so you can fuck twin thots. Anyway please support Alicesoft. Even if the head translator at mangagamer is a cuck.
Fun gameplay. Not too basic or unnecessarily complex. Great art from the same artist behind Senran Kagura.
The gameplay is definitely the weakest part of Evenicle. It's standard JRPG combat with mostly non-threatening encounters that you can just mash basic attack to get through. Fortunately the speedup options and optional autocombat make this fast enough to not be more than a mild annoyance. Some of the story bossfights can be challenging if you're not overleveled, as well as a few optional bosses, but even those are mostly trivialized if you grind for a while.  Outside of combat the game is mostly running around an overworld from one story location to the next, with exploration yielding extra treasure, abilities and the occasional sidequest. It's pleasant enough, but nothing groundbreaking.  The character designer is the same as for Senran Kagura, and that shows. Character designs are great and most of the art is very pretty to look at, although there's occasionally some weird anatomy going on in the lewd scenes.  Overall the sexual content is quite vanilla, but this being an alicesoft game there are still a few rougher scenes, including both human and moster rape. A few of these scenes show blood and mild gore, but they are quite infrequent.  The writing is a strong point, with plenty of fun characters to interact with. The plot on the other hand is nothing to write home about, and you can largely see the twists coming a mile away.  The lewd scenes are fairly enjoyable and quite varied (even if mostly vanilla). In few cases the art or characters didn't really do it for me, but with over 60 scenes total there's plenty there for anyone to enjoy. There's a few features lacking compared to other titles (like lack of background sound effects), but that doesn't take too much away from the experience.  The game clocks in at about 35-45 hours if you just push through the main story, and 60-70 if you want 100% completion. I'd definitely recommend it to any fan of english language lewd games, it's one of the best ones out there.  Gameplay: 6/10 Lewds: 9/10 Art: 10/10 Writing: 9/10
i'm in love with your guys games. I would love to see more. when i get the money i'll buy mostly everything you guys make much love to you. I would love to see a golf game though. love the challenge
Well what can I say.  Saw this and thought I would give it a bash.  This game is bloomin great.  It does not take itself seriously it does not try and be anything other than what it is and you know what?  It works.  It is fun, colourful and would work easily on 4k or above on a medium pc no worries whatsoever.   Played only a short time and had 5 or 6 races and I could see that this game is a tester for the dev.  Hello dev ( waves )  yes this is FABULOUS.  After coming through the birth of gaming at the young age of 55 this game is what is missing today.  It is literally pick up and play instructions are not needed.  Game is fluid, it works and it is fun.  Price wise I paid peanuts here in Australia and unusual for me to say it is worth DOUBLE.  Well done indeed.:)  GTX 1070 16GB Ram I5 6600k playing at 1440p
I haven't played this game for too long, but I don't need to to give it a strong recommendation, these devs are well known for being the mostly 2 person team behind GBA 3d games, that 60fps 3DS fps, among other things. I am running this game on a gtx 1060, and i can run this game at high settings, at 2160x1200 windowed, at a smooth 144fps, and it still looks beautiful. These devs deserve way more attention, and triple a's need to learn how to optimize their games like these two people. TWO PEOPLE. these triple a's got ten bajillion dollars and they can barely chunk out a 60fps.  tl;dr these devs are godlike, support them  oh and the game itself is a neat racer with good music and great visuals, but ive said that already  edit: realized that velez died recently and they got a lot more than slight help than i though they did, BUT ITS STILL REALLY IMPRESSIVE
I bought this game as a stopgap to keep me busy until Xenon Racer and Dangerous Driving (RRRRRREEEE EPIC STORE, etc.) are out.  While not AMAZING, I have to say this game is surprisingly good for something that only set me back $16. The tracks have some really nice visual appeal and the cars are elegantly designed. While the racing gameplay itself is very straightforward it delivers on being fundamentally sound.  My major complaints are the lack of vibration effects on the controller, a somewhat low sense of speed, and very floaty physics. The last one in particular takes some getting used to as the cars struggle to stay weighted to the ground. A lot of the courses seem like they're the same average length as well, which can feel a bit short.  Still, for $16 it's hard to fault this game. I'd give it a look if you're interested in a racing game.
[h1]Oculus Rift user[/h1]  An underrated kind of arcade rally game, with lot of qualities !  But what drove me to buy the game is the implementation of VR, and this game does this very well ! Simple, efficient, very well optimized, that's all we ask !  Rise RTF is not the ultimate arcade experience because some features lacking, but it has very solid bases and open to go far away !  We must encourage these developers because they have done a remarkable job on the overall production, seem very open to suggestions from players and want to go further !  Bravo !
This game came out of nowhere, and it's surprisingly good.   Good amount of content, low price what else ?  The only three cons that i think of is the lack of multiplayer, the difficulty the AI is too easy on Pro (Which was set as default for me, i know i can change but i wanted to see if it were going up in the end but sadly no). And the challenges while i like them they were the same on every season so repetitives.  Other than that it's great, i enjoyed it.
[h1]          CONCLUSION:[/h1] Worth a buy, for who enjoy collection of futuristic cars. However, for who want casual race & powerful effect, don't buy it  [h1]          LIKES [/h1] + Beautiful scenery + Beautiful sky + Beautiful cars + Time Attack Ghost car + Support VR + Option to choose how boost is recharged  [h1]         DISLIKES [/h1] - Easily lost balance - If lose balance no chance to recover back - If cannot recover back, have to U turn back and be the last position   - Most stage require to earn 1st position in race - No visual effect / damage if hitting objects - Sound effect is minimum - Boost effect is minimum - Lack of game mode  [h1]          REVIEWER PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE?[/h1] The Crew 2, Forza Horizon 3, Dirt Rally, Grid Autosports  [h1]          FUN LASTING:[/h1] Speed Run: Around ? hours (update later) Majority: Around ? hours (update later) Personal: Maybe 2 hours+ Longest: Around 36 hours+  [h1]          DISCOUNT RATE HISTORY[/h1] [u][url=https://steamdb.info/app/955580/]Choose your country to check Lowest Price[/url][/u] ( _ ) Shuffle Sales, happen 6-8 time in a year ( ✔ ) Sales Time, happen 3-5 time in a year ( _ ) Once a year, or sales never happen  [h1]              MORE INFORMATION:[/h1] Game File Size: 4.41 GB Other Video Review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNtxGHsr8YI [u][url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/31940448-Expectation-Checklist/]More Review? ► Subscribe Here ◄[/url][/u] [u][url=https://steamcommunity.com/groups/expectationchecklist]Free Game Feeds + Review Discussion[/url][/u]
https://youtu.be/8B6Aq5k3sOk  [h1]Experienced on the Oculus Rift with Xbox One Controller[/h1]  I have played Assetto Corsa, Project Cars, Dirt Rally, Race Room, and other lesser known racing titles. However, there aren't very many arcade racers in VR at the moment. The big one that comes to mind is Trackmania Turbo (which is not really a classic arcade racing game). This is a pure, classic arcade racer set in what looks like a futuristic world in the not too distant future.  There is not a cockpit view. However, you can change to 5 different views. The over the hood or first person (first car?) view is the closest to the cockpit view, but I prefer the over the back, up-close view (traditional arcade racer view). You can change the settings to go to Pro difficulty, which I strongly recommend, otherwise the game may be too easy.  The menus do work in VR, but navigating with a controller is a little on the clunky side and not intuitive. There are lots of tracks, some weather & track conditions, some day settings, etc. There is a challenge in the higher difficulties. Overall, the backgrounds look okay, but nothing spectacular. There are some nice vistas here and there.  I found the gameplay to just be okay. I've just played better arcade racers like Need for Speed, Project Gotham Racing, or Burnout compared to this title. I would prefer to just play Project Gotham Racing or Burnout in VR over this game (somebody please make it happen!). The collision physics especially seems to be off. It does feel like you're always floaty or on skates. There's no real feel of your tires being on the roadway. Power slides, drifting, jumps, could all have been done better IMO.  [b]Rate 6.5/10. I do recommend this because it may be in fact the best arcade racer in VR (outside Trackmania Turbo which is a subcategory really of arcade racing), but that doesn't mean it's all that great. I hope a better franchise of arcade racer comes to VR.[/b]
It's an arcade racer. Nobody makes those anymore. Unlike the plethora of WipeOut and F-Zero clones around this is more like the old Burnouts or RidgeRacers. For the price it's totally fine. Lacks some polish and multiplayer.
a very good game a new to the whole steam thing got a mid range laptop and this game run very well at high settings i like game that run and look this good as its so good its even fun when you lose a great arcade racing game
Really fast and fun. Basically a flawless Arcade racer.
I was actually suprised when I installed this game how much fun it was to drive. After you get used to the steering and nitro usage it's a good time. It's definately worth the sale price which was about $13.00 including tax. It reminds me a little bit the Ridge Racer Unbounded title I played a few years ago. If the creators of this game adds anything more (tracks, Cars) it'll be even more worthwhile to purchase and try this title. It comes with plenty of content to keep you busy for hours of play. Can't wait to load this title on my gaming laptop , the graphics are quite good! Someone write a  extensive review that I read before actually buying the game. It's linked to one of the 1st reviews on the bottom of the store page. Happy racing!  
Great game! I bought this game because I'm a big fan of the Ridge Racer series of games. The mechanics are pretty similar, you power slide around corners and you can turbo boost by building up drift power. You also have options of how you build up that turbo boost. You can do it by drifting or by maintaining a top speed. These are supposed to be futuristic type cars so you drift over land & water and various different types of terrain. The tracks are varied & challenging with many deep twists & turns to master. I'm enjoying it a lot more then the last Ridge Racer redo, because I'm not a big fan of the car destruction thing. At it's regular low retail price of $15.99 it's a really great deal. I'll be playing this game a lot, so I'm sure I"ll get my moneys worth out of it. 4 &1/2 stars!
Arcade racers are my favourite genre and like many other fans of the genre I've spent most of this generation lamenting their demise or waiting for\giving up on vapourware like "90s Arcade Racer".     This one came out of nowhere for me the other day when I stumbled across it on Steam. Seems it came out about a month ago.  I wasn't expecting much, especially considering the very low price, but I am extremely impressed.     The few youtube videos seem to all use the behind the car view which for some reason makes the game seem to not have much of a sense of speed.   Using the dash or bumper cam views is a different story, with a very nice sense of speed.     The graphics are very nice indeed, and in places the style reminds me of Sega model 3 stuff (higher res obviously).  The music ranges from good enough to excellent (as arcade racer music).  The tracks are full of twists and turns for satisfying drifting and boosting.  And the gameplay itself is top tier arcade stuff, in my opinion.  I've played more arcade racers than most and for me at least, this game has IT, that certain something that makes some racers compelling and others not.     The boost system is well implemented, cornering is easier while boosting, the driving feels satisfying (although not a clone of any other arcade racer I can think of, I can feel similarities to Sega Rally 1 and 2 and post-psp Ridge Racers).     The challenges feel the right difficulty level to me. They're challenging but not annoyingly so. It really has that "just one more try" appeal.     This game is just good old fashioned arcade racing fun.  It's an easy recommendation for arcade racing fans with steam, especially given the very low﻿ price.
Great arcade racing for the price Pretty decent amount of content, excellent controls and sense of speed, well designed tracks, amazing graphics and a good sound track (I was not expecting good music from a modern arcade racing game, but they have it here).  The game is not for amateurs since the normal level of difficulty offers a pretty good challenge (but you can lower the difficulty if you want).  The only thing missing here is a multiplayer mode and a single-race option, in which you could chose the track, the car, the rules and just race.
In future it might be good game, but now it miss some things like soundtrack, game speed and options for sound. In future i would be glad to see ships, more places to build at once, multiplayer with soliders, trading, some special places and more buildings ofc. If you dont know if you should buy it i would say yes.
i want a refund
Pretty good, I'd totally suggest adding more options, such as changing the weather, flying, volumetric clouds, and maybe even advanced custom graphics settings? Oh and multiplayer :3
Go Outside Simulator is a simple simulator, where you can Go Outside and walk and explore. The graphics are awesome and its funny to explore. Please add more maps! Like tundra or something ;) I give this game: Physik: 10/10 Graphics: 10/10 Gameplay: 10/10  Its awesome!!
Wait, this is a simulation?
It was epic i saw the sun and birds chirping and flowers blooming, its like going outside but i dont get raped in the anus by a cow
good game, i like it :D
I love this. I don't suffer from agoraphobia myself, but I *DO* love walking simulators, and this is that concept distilled to it's purest form: There's an environment, and you putter around in it. Clearly, since this is an early access game, there's a lot of potential that has yet to be fulfilled, but time and patience and elbow grease will overcome that easily enough.  I strongly recommend paying attention to this title if you love games like Legend Of Zelda or Fortnite or Elder Scrolls but get annoyed by all that tedious fighting and shooting and resource gathering and whatnot. This is for people who want to LOOK at the trees, not just zip past them on the way to somewhere else.
bought it for my friend for his birthday because hes in a wheelchair most of the time and all he did was cry, ungrateful little shit
It looks good so far, I would like to  see a random world generator  and the ability to build and edit the worlds .
Great simulator 11/10 better than going outside
10/10 would go outside again
I have checked it out, and i enjoy the simplicity of this game. Right now I have frigid winter and I can simply pop this game an relax and forgot about it :). This calm game takes several environments and puts it in way that make it relaxing for players. I have yet to find the easter eggs in all of the environments. But I intend to find them :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkYk2kLhY98
Good little game. Needs more starting Polis than the four they have, 4 is just not enough. I would love to see more detial in the game but it is enough too satisfy me. I would definetly buy the next one.
An amazing chill-out casual game, for a fair price indeed. I feel like it's a sort of mix between Paradox Interactive games, like Europa Universalis and Crusader Kings, with some really casual city building like Caesar and stuff. Although casual, the city building plays a major role in managing your city state to glory and hegemonia over Greece. I should also praise the soundtrack, cause it's beautiful and very chilling. I could literally just listen to it for hours, and if the devs would put it for sale, I'd surely buy it. Overall it's a great game, even though I've played it only for a few hours. I'm definately playing more of it in the future and giving full support for the continuity of the progress of the development.
It's such a beautiful and catchy soundtrack complementing an already fantastic game.
Music Is Nice Cover Is Hide o_o
Honestly very good.  Buying now because the tracks I've heard so far are awesome, but I probably won't listen to it until I've heard them all in game!
Fun and enjoyable but jumping needs tweaking
A simple , yet challenging platformer. It's nice to see that you can jump already in the core gameplay from the start. There is at least 1 hard level per chapter but that makes it fun sometimes because you have to think instead of rushing to the  "Breakout".
An Hardcore game that you aim to be the best or just to finish it. It can get you angry some time, and because of the bad flow (some time in middle-play and when you die and respawn) you can fil dizzy. Except that i think it's a good game that worth 5 euros, or to wait for steam-sales to buy it.
Very good game. Have fun.
Nice game..hard-ish,but good
how do I see the album
This game is a beautiful view on peoples wills to survive by scamming horny weebs into buying a game in which they work out math problems in the same order each time meaning you could easily just write down the answers and speedrun the game in record time if you had the slightest care for that. However the boys helping me play, they were very disappointed as they are third rate weebs who only care for hentai and one of them believes that the images used are not even original, however this game is very educational and is good practice for team-work. 7/10 not my most memorable fap.
GOOD FOR THE KIDS
I actually bought the pack that included this game for the bible trivia.  This game is not bible trivia  This game is random math questions  Its so bad its sorta good.  Best $2 bucks I ever spent today (and I even bought a chocolate bar today!)
its ok
10/10 would fap again.
too hard
excellent gameplay and a dynamic difficulty
i really like this game.but i brought this dlc to get the exlusive items and found at that you dont get them but i pix and some other things. i dont want a refund nor a change to pack just simpley you to chnge the video. i am going to buy the richest pack one day but i just want to support you so thank you bye.
I disliked this and would please like my money back because I bought this DLC to get exclusive items that were shown in the pictures. I sisn't notice that they didn't come with the DLC. So please send my money back and get rid of those pictures because they are very very deceiving.
fun game to play to pass some time, i would recommend giving it a try
[quote]For more puzzle game reviews, news and everything puzzle-related, follow [url=https://store.steampowered.com/curator/25928931-Puzzle-Lovers/]Puzzle Lovers[/url] and check out our [url=http://steamcommunity.com/groups/puzzlelovers]Steam group[/url].[/quote]  very similar to the first game, [b]hexa turn[/b] (my review can be found [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/dohi64/recommended/794940]here[/url]), down to the sad fact that you can't deselect powerups, use them or use undo, but with enough new mechanics on top of the 'now the ai's trying to stop you' switcheroo to feel fresh, and of course some levels are pretty tricky again. there's also a move counter now, ideally you'd solve levels within those limits, but as long as you or the goals don't get blocked in, you can keep trying, and if you succeed, the next level opens up. if you liked the first game, it's a no-brainer, if you like hex-based puzzle games in general, ditto.
Even better fun that Hexaturn, the first game.
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
What a nice campaign for such a low price!   Due to the short duration (6 turns), the campaigns serve as a great introduction and tutorial for the operational phase.  I really like the smaller scale and the limited resources (you actually have a lot of Stuarts and Panzer III + IVs) since it removed my noob fear of making grave mistakes that would potentially bite me hours later.  I really think this is a great quasi-tutorial, that is - of course - still challenging enough (dear god, how do I win tank battles against Panzer IVs with only Stuarts!?).   It costs less than a cup of coffee and you'll definitvley enjoy it for longer!
Very opened ground with hills complicating your armored manuevers. Great map for an introduction to the series, but not too exciting, as the first 2 turns are really decisive...
thank you graviteam, quality 6 turn campaign with lots of tanks and a very interesting and cool historical episode (first armed encounter between Germany and the US in WW2) for only $2.  The map is well designed and there are lots of units to play with (slaughtering all these stuarts and APC's with my Pz4's was a fun ride).
It's short when compared tothe other DLC campaigns, but worth the price.
WYSIWYG. I just wanted to click something ridiculous for a few minutes and this game delivered on that. 30 easy achievements if you're a collector, but it can be confusing because the images are of horses.
Basically it's the same game as Draw_Love which I played years ago. 100 levels. Beware of lags while drawing too much lines.
Cute little standard physics puzzle game. Most of the levels have the same 5 or 6 solutions in my opinion, but you can spend time working out more fun and creative ways to complete the levels also. I'm not sure what the hints/hearts system is all about? I used 3 or 4 hints in all 100 levels (Leaving me with 96 hearts but I don't understand the significance of this?). I had the music turned off, had seen some reviews about it being repetitive? But I think the option to turn it off is a good one to have :)  Overall a cute little timewaster, nice little achievements, and not too bad of a price when it's on sale :)
It's a good physics puzzle game, a bit easy, but fun to play.
It is not only a great platform game (think in Super Meat Boy or Celeste, but with less "finesse"), it is also a way to bring hope to one person from the videogame industry that need an exoskull to walk. Wonderful.
Great game! Downsides are that it lacks polish and the difficulty balance is off. For example, it's very hard to make progress when you start out, even on the easiest level. The problem lessens as the game goes on and you get upgrades and more towers. Overall a very enjoyable game - hope the developer keeps at it and adds more content :)
A decent "by the numbers" Tower Defence title. Good difficulty levels, so you may have to work!  Good clean graphics and non-annoying ambient background music. Would not have minded some variation in the sounds of the various weapons.  I realise its still early days but I am not sure that the balance is quite right yet. I don't like the ability to replay defeated levels (which you are tempted to do because the game is quite hard) to gain bonus points. I would probably prefer if the game was a bit easier and this ability was taken  out.  I will watch for possible updates with interest.
Brilliant game, I can play it, i thought i wouldn't be able to, but it is a pretty simple game, Very good game making, and also, i used to join you in your stream when you were developing the game!  Very good game! Keep up the good work!
Played a little bit, not much.  So ill write a reveiw now.  The developer of the game livestreamed a lot of the development of the game, and i think that was very cool. But with that said i will get to the review. The game at it's current state has some bugs and errors, but im sure they will get fixed. The game is about moving on getting to the next level/world. To get to the next level you can do that in different ways fight your way or go sneaky by using special items. The game's art is pixel art, which fits the game well. Oh and also the game is very hard so get ready to retry a lot.  For me i don't really know if this is my type of game, but for the price i thinks it's okay.
TL:DR Up and coming platformer that will hopefully continue to be improved up to release. Consider getting it on sale. (Version: 2.0 Chinese New Year)  After the newest update for Badminton warrior came out, I had to give it another try to check out the update. This review includes things that have not changed as well as my impressions on the changes to the game.  My brother found this game around Christmas and we downloaded the demo. We were very entertained by the idea of a platformer that revolved around badminton, and that’s what drove me to buy the full game. The game is has clear inspirations from Mega Man, my favorite series, so I enjoyed the platforming challenge.  The racquet is a unique idea for a platformer. Swinging the racquet is fun but there is a bit of a delay which makes you have to predict when you need to attack. Relying on enemy attacks means you must often wait for the enemy to attack again before you can kill it. One reason that this mechanic is so great is because it feels like you are outsmarting a boss or enemy and using its own attack against it. It’s satisfying to set up a spike on an enemy. The vertical space required to do a lot of advanced techniques means that some enemies can be jumped over and avoided entirely. The character controls well but feels just a little floaty in mid-air.  The game’s art is alright but doesn’t always have focus. Some of the bosses (for example football, basketball, hunting, and Gorgus who after the update is still the best character) clearly go for a good cartoony art style while other bosses and enemies look less clean. The level art is pretty minimalistic and usually makes sense for the stage, but while the fortress stages have some really good atmospheric backgrounds, other stages are boring or don't match the art style.  The music has an 8-bit style, but a lot of it is pretty forgettable. The exception to this is the boss themes, which really drive the boss fights. The sound effects in the game were very well implemented.  The levels themselves present a lot of fun and unique challenges, but many require a good amount of trial and error, so the creator mercifully gave us infinite lives. There were a fair number of checkpoints in the game, but it would have been much too difficult to complete multiple challenges in a row without them. Because the character can only reflect attacks, it is extremely important that enemies make it clear when they will attack. The game really gets into stride during the fortress stages. The old gimmicks come back being used in ways that weren’t shown off in the early levels, and some of the most fun gimmicks in the game show up.  The bosses seemed to take up most of the game’s playtime in my first playthrough. There were bosses that at first, I believed had not pattern but after a long time I was able to dodge their attacks much more easily. Some of the bosses were greatly improved in the update, so I was less likely to blame the game on dying. Knowing the patterns made my second playthrough much quicker than the first. On the other hand, some I never stopped having trouble on. Even on my second playthrough, the lacrosse boss is still a pain to fight. Again, thank goodness for infinite lives.  Unlike my first playthrough, I can proudly say that I beat the game this time. The fortress bosses were greatly improved [spoiler] and the coolest one was still two Gorguses, double the Gorgus, double the fun.[/spoiler]  Just like the stage bosses, the final fortress bosses have a difficult pattern that can be learned and exploited to get that sweet, sweet final victory. [spoiler] I can’t wait for the game to have a proper ending.[/spoiler]   At this point in Early access, it feels safe to say that the game has improved since December and will hopefully continue to improve until its release. Still has a ways to go to be worth its 10 dollar tag. Anyone looking for a fun, nostalgic, or just “out there” platforming experience and has some money to burn should check this game out.
This is probably one of the best Games here on Steam!!! I highly recommend this Game !!!
This game was quite addicting. I kept trying to improve my swing and return shots. Reminds me of the classic arcade style but with much better graphics. Awesome game. I'm glad i got it.
This game is a really fun. It combines the idea of badminton into the game. You can use different gestures to attack enemies. Unlike other 2d shooting games, it's not only fun but also very challenging! Especially the boss at the end of the first level seems invincible at beginning. But with a reference to youtube video I was surprised how to deal with the boss. Cannot wait to see more about the game!
Good platforming game that will test your skill as a gamer. I liked setting up lifts and then smashing down on the enemies.
Your family just cannot keep out of supernatural trouble. This time, it is your niece who needs your help. Seems that all the teachers at her boarding school have vanished and the other children are acting very strange. Seems the former mansion might be haunted…  Plot is entertaining, HO scenes fun, and the minigames challenging. Probably should purchase in the bundle. (When they add it to the bundle…) 
I actually really enjoyed this despite some glaring flaws. I'll mention the flaws first and then go over some of what I liked about it and you can decide for yourself what you think about it.  So, for flaws I noticed that the levels are pretty much identical. There isn't much variety in the enemies or in the levels themselves. Once you've played one level you've pretty much played them all and faced most of the enemies. Despite that, I still actually had WAY more fun with this game than I thought I would. You have a melee option, there's a long distance option, and there are zombie robots. I mean, where else are you going to find zombie robots? There's just something really cool about that. If you see this game on sale and you dig platformers already, I recommend it. And I'm saying that despite getting frustrated with one of the levels and not continuing any further since then. I still think there's enough here to warrant a purchase but that's my opinion.   If you want to see the game in action, I uploaded a series to Youtube. If you're on the fence, maybe it will help you decide if you want to try it or not:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q00Iw-Lk15A&list=PL08FwntTpxPC3ak_AmkOpFDGAYi0U2r5B
good game i love it
I love this.   The controls are fun, the atmosphere is great, the spctacle of VR is expertly realized. But the one thing that makes me write a review, is the fact that the campaign is a VR-reality-show-airship-pirate-simulator. I got voted out of the show when I hit the bottom two for the second time, and I was crushed! I got backstabbed!  Can't wait to see what happens in the next seasons! And I hope there's multiplayer in the works, I'd happily sign up for a weekly event!
 Fun VR game with a gameshow style.
We're finally getting something other than zombies and wave shooters! There is a lot going on in this title, and helming your own steampunk/aetherpunk airship is really cool.
I have not finished it yet, but I'm definitely enjoying it. It's a well polished and unique experience so far.  Looking forward to see what comes next as I progress and how else I might get stabbed in the back and sabotaged.
I've been playing with my daughter and we've enjoyed the experience so far.   A bit of Faster than light meets Mechwarrior.   I let her aim while I man the bridge :)
Great game in VR, I'm sure it's fun playing on a monitor too.   I really enjoyed my first play through and can see the game has a lot of potential. I feel like the game has room for improvement, additional ships with different weapons and sub-systems would be nice. maybe even different Ai crew. But as the game stands currently, it's highly polished and has a lot of room for replayability. It would just be nice to have a lasting effect from playing too, such as small bonuses at the start or new ships as mentioned before.  The controls feel really natural and fluid, the interface is easy to pick up and interact with and combat has a nice mix. I'd say the game is certainly worth picking up if your a fan of games like FTL or rougelikes in general.
Pretty damn good. This is good VR content. The only thing that would make it cooler is if there was an actual wheel to take hold of with the controllers. As it stands, with the vive, you control the ship with the two trackpads. Which is super minor compared to the rest of the game. I can see myself sinking many hours into this game.
Fun game.  Initial fears of it being a micro management that i could struggle with were overcome with most of the actions being undertaken physically on the console HUD, with the ship stations and damage control being represented in your field of view wonderfully well.  It gives the impression of it being very much a ground up VR game, every action is motion controlled from the movement of the ship, balancing attributes, and aiming from the ship cannons and the more personal Gun that deals with the drones that close in on your hull.  That's not to say though that the game wouldn't work with desktop control, given the attention the developers have given to the motion controls, just making judgement from the videos things look equally intuitive.  There's a variety of arena game types, from boss type battles, to find and collect missions, though they all follow the core of the game with plenty either shooting at you or giving some back. The story lines and narratives between the characters bring further appeal, with certain choices you make gaining you access to items, or just general help or hindrance in the arena race score table.  While it's obvious the game has it's origins on the PSVR, this very resembles a dime and dozen Steam indie release that deserves some attention.  Fun to play, good working mechanics, nicely styled with a good flowing narrative.  Recommended for VR enthusiasts in a more limited market, but equally so for desktop users because VR or otherwise, there's a good game here where the developers have succeeded with a good game in a limited space.
Futuristic airship Survivor with all the twists and turns of forging and breaking alliances, crossing and being double crossed.   Bow to Blood's first mission into the field may have you thinking that it will be a breeze and that soon you'll have every captain begging for your favor- and points. But a few matches in, I was quick to realize that the challenges can be hard and punishing for every mistake, and the people you scorned earlier will happily put you down at the moment's sign of weakness.   The goofy theme of the game, along with Borderlands like graphics, is a mask over a game that will challenge your strategic mind, test your ability with their ship combat, and surprise you with random events like someone planting a bomb on your ship or telling you it would be wise to give up half of your points to make everyone your friend. Some of the characters will switch out from "season" to "season," keeping things less predictable.  I don't think I'll becoming champion easily or soon, so I am optimistic about the replay value of this game, considering that there is a both a normal mode....which is already hard.... and then a hard mode!  So, TL;DR- This game is a challenging breath of fresh air that is both comedic and engaging. For the money, definitely worth the buy.
Got the game for the art style(colorful gradients, moebius looking, interesting ships) and VR, wasn't sure about it during the first hour, but the controls and handling came together and enjoying it much more in a seated position in VR, mimicking the captains chair in-game. Looking for a way to skip past some of the repeated narrative content in between the game action.
Wow, what a game! masterclass. Its a quirky mix of Hunger Games, FTL and Naval combat! My first run lasted for 3 hours and I was VOTED OUT by my closest friend and supporter just because she considered me a threat. To be honest, it my first run I still hadnt  yet become familiar with all nuances of ship combat and controls. I'm on my second run and doing much better and hoping to win this time. The game feels really alive and full of personality. Its also a pretty compex game, with many different systems one on top of another. Once you understand it, you will start to really really enjoy it. It's also very cinematic and pacing is just great.  Highly recommend.
A quick summarized review is below, alternatively, here's a video about how great this game is: https://youtu.be/4Jsy6xYAsEs  Alright, so, Bow to Blood has done an amazing job of executing on what I'd consider a relatively unique idea. The game looks great, the game plays great, and the VR experience is amazing.  However, the non-VR implementation of the game is also great. I'd recommend playing it in VR if you have the means, but don't feel like you should miss out on this game just because you aren't VR ready.  Generally speaking, there are two aspects to this game. Combat, and diplomacy. I'd say that the game-show side of things serves as an entertaining premise, but there isn't a huge degree of depth to diplomacy. Sure, there are lots of instances where your choices WILL impact the game, but sometimes you're stuck in situations where you just cannot make a correct choice. Choices and dialog are also repeated from time to time. Basically, the system is there, it's fun, but it's not deep.  On the other hand, combat is great. Captaining your ship feels amazing and coming up with optimal strategies to survive missions and maintain your health is quite enjoyable. While aiming is largely point and click, you have enough abilities that ship positioning becomes relevant as well. The combat is enjoyable and complex enough that it remains fun even when you repeat missions and levels.  All in all, Bow to Blood was a great game and a great VR experience, give it a try!
funy  game
A simple game, does what it says on the box. Reminds me of the old touch typing games from school just with a devil girl. Artwork is simple but overall looks decent.  Edit = The developer patched the game, allowing for all the achievements to be earned.  I now recommend this game as a nice little hand eye coordination game with a lewd twist.
Pretty good game. The art style is great, and the voice acting for the girl is pretty damn good. I only have two real complaints and the first is more of a personal preference than an objective criticism. Why did Ending 3 have to have expansion? She looked much better before grossly unrealistic proportions came into it. "Flat" in what world is she flat? The second is that some of the later combat stages are pretty impossible without a guide. I got almost all the way through without one, then had to restart as I wound up stuck in an endless loop where I couldn't really even lose quickly, much less win.   Anyway, other than my personal gripe, its a great game.
Decent but very short, I think it's fine for the price but you can find stuff like this for free on the net. Still decent
This game is... better than their previous works. While most of the endings are bad (in one way or the other), there is a romantic/good ending that is well-developed. And in most of the bad endings those who deserved getting attacked did... Most of them. A couple were... worse...  Anyway, if you are into this sort of thing, I guess I shalt recommend it.
Much like Demon King Domination, Magebuster: Amorous Augury is a strategic RPG battle game mixed with an erotic story.  The artwork has improved since the last game and still has that wonderful hand drawn appeal.  The story line is bigger and has dialogue choices that affect how the story shall end.  Speaking of endings, there are more endings as well, with even more variety than the last game!  The music carries that same ominous and evil tone while being calming, and at times, pleasant.  The game is fully voiced and the acting is pretty darn good.  Erotic voice acting, while many dismiss it, can be very hard to do - you don't want to sound like a bad 1980's adult film - this game makes their erotic scenes very convincing.  As per usual, the developer Belgerum pulls no punches with the adult scenes.  I think you will be quite happy when playing this game.  The combat is more advanced than Demon King Domination so that'll require even more strategy.  And without fail, the developer shows his cool again by providing a nifty guide to get to the good stuff!  The price is definitely worth it considering all that this game gives the player.  So much like the last one - buy it, play it, and "enjoy" it!
The voice actors deserve a cookie
I was positively surprised by this game. Great story and nice endings. My fetish for feet was satisfied!
Hell yeah! Good a$$ game with achievements, great voiceacting (is that even a word?) and okay-ish story. The part i m simply AMAZED about is - absolutely no censorship! No need to install any uncensors and sheet, just play and bust mage [spoiler] bust a nut too while you at it [/spoiler]
This is a great twist on traditional visual novels of the sort with the added combat phases.  I thoroughly enjoyed the repeated playthroughs to unlock more endings, though there were times the combat aggrivated me (you really have to calculate your moves).  The art is quite good, the characters are well drawn and the colors are very nice.  The anime magical girl has been done to death, but there is enough distinction here to not make Sophia cookie-cutter.  Pros:  -The voice acting is very solid.  Sophia's lines are delivered incredibly well.  During the fight scenes she has the contempt in her voice and during the sex and submission scenes you can feel it in the voice.  Xarric's voice has a bit of mottling with the effects to make him sound more demonic, but the delivery is still strong. -The artwork is very good.  The simple animations and screen shaking are well done too, just enough to let you know something is happening. -The varied endings lead to fun replay value. -The added combat sections break up the monotony of visual novel reading and clicking. -The skipping and auto play work very well.  I was pleased the skipping function worked in combat. -Great H-scenes.  Some of them are quite in depth and long (Ending 2 & 3 are my faves).  Cons: -Its a short game.  Any one ending really takes less than an hour to reach. -The added combat might frustrate some players.  Its not a mindless game...you have to be calculating about what effects you use and when you use them.  Some of the combat stumped me for hours as I tried to work out a mathematically viable process in the sequence to win. -The game's backgrounds and environments are a bit plain.  It would have been nice to see a bit more attention paid to them as they figure somewhat prominently during the longer H-scenes.
After playing your last game, the up in quality is blatantly apparent.  -The art is far more plentiful and expressive. You get a good sense of character personalities even without the audio, which is a fantastic thing.  -The voice actors are way more into it this time around. You can tell from the performance that they've either gotten used to delivering erotic dialogue or are simply just having far more fun with it this time around.  -The expanded combat system is great. The wider array of combat options really helped this one feel more like an rpg as opposed to a sexy game of rock paper scissors. Had a few moments where I even had to stop and plan out my moves which was a welcomed change.  -And the variety in the endings are fantastic. That last one in particular is a huge plus as there's plenty of fetish pandering to go around, regardless of preference. For an erotic game it's defiantly worth it's asking price and doesn't pull any cheap censorship cheats like a lot of these games keep trying to do lately with patches. (I'm of the mind that if you make this kind of game own it, so finding one like this that wears it's +18 rating on it's sleeve always earns my respect.)  In terms of comparing this to your last game, I'd say it's a straight upgrade. That's not to say it's perfect however as there are still problems that I feel need to be ironed out:  -Firstly a minor complaint but the ending epilogues go on forever! Not that long sex scenes are necessarily bad, in fact they're quite well made scenes. But when the epilogues take 4x longer than the base game itself upon first viewing, may want to consider hiring an editor next time. Again minor complaint but it did make going multiple endings in a single sitting a touch tedious. -Something I'm less inclined to overlook is the battle system. While I love the more strategic game-play, the balancing on later phases is wildly off to the point of being broken. While I would never bash a game for merely being hard (I am a dark souls fan for crying out loud) but certain ending routes make it way too easy to get caught in unwinnable loops with the ai. In particular the enemy shield later in one certain route became less than 2 points which meant regardless of which attack I used she could use infinite shields to negate the quicker moves, or perform several heals AND a shield by the time I get the slower lightening move off; negating the whole fight. There's difficulty spikes, and then there's forcing your player to decrypt your code in order to progress. This issue is one that defiantly needs to be addressed.  (Edit* I have tested the posted ending walkthrough in the chat and while I can confirm it does work towards getting you the endings, it ONLY works if you do it perfectly in in a very specific sequence alternating suboptimal moves that no one would realisticly do outside of following this document. One step outside of these proposed chains breaks your loop and makes it near impossible without reloading. So while I am happy to learn it is actually possible to get the endings without wasting hours bouncing against the ai, sadly this only changes the combat system from neigh unwinnable to borderline with a walkthrough. Bottomline: It's better than my initial impression but still this is not what I'd call good game design...)  Overall I'd say the game is okay. If you're just looking for some sexy fun, then you'll be more than satisfied with what you find. The art is pretty, the voice acting is fun and erotic, and the combat system is very entertaining when not woefully busted. However if you're a completionist or just one of the ones unlucky enough to stumble on one of the broken routes your first run, then it pains me to admit that you're gonna have a bad time. While I did still enjoy myself and really like this developer's work to the point I look forward to whatever projects they do in the future; the balancing issues make this a tough one to recommend...
A good novel game with an ample amount of endings (6 in total) no6 being the one I enjoyed the most. to get to each ending have to go through multiple different paths of lore to help build up a somewhat narrative   to each character within the game. The voice acting within it is a wonderful edition even if xearth voice acting isn’t  that well-tuned out it still comes together well.  As well as the tactics of the magic battles  Overall quite enjoyable for a quick  simple game.  
10 out of 10 would bust a mage again Favorite Ending is ending 6
I found it enjoyable, considering I thought the battle system was neat, the writing was humorous and proper during the fitting scenes, and its different endings made it well rounded. For five dollars, I'd say it's worth the pick up, especially considering the fact that it could appeal to a variety of readers with its different endings (being each has its own fetishes and all). For something that initially didn't seem like it had a plot, either, I quickly saw "wait, there's more to this, I just have to dig a bit deeper," as it actually had managed to do world building and character development in that short span of time.
This is a pretty fun game, interesting story, with good camera and animation. Healthy sense of humor, and a nice amount of detail, as well as a nicely planned Battle system, it is fairly fun to play. Also priced pretty fair, cool stuff to go through.
Magebust a nut
Short, fun, and sexy! Worth the $5!
Probably the 1st game I got just to see the straight sex scenes, I'm more used to yaoi lol This was better than I expected story-wise, granted my expectations were very low. The battle was hard to deal with but thankfully Belgerum has made a very simple spoiler free guide that helps you get all the endings easily. Overall it was a fun short game with pretty good english voice acting. Do not buy if you don't want sex scenes because that is the point lol
I just want to say that Magebuster: Amorous Augury is going in a direction that I want to see happen with all H games in the future.   I played Demon King Domination and helped in any way I could to see that more games get made by this developer. In a veritable sea of sell outs, cash-ins, and poorly translated JRPG ero games, this developer stands out as making a product that goes above and beyond what I have come to expect from games with an erotic theme.   It is by no means perfect, but I feel it is a large step forward in seeing more adult themed games developed for a western audience that are enjoyable not just for the erotic content they provide.
You get summoned by Yuno. She needs your help! Talk to her and help her solve some cases. A (literally) tiny Visual Novel about a girl who is passionate about occult. She needs to help her friends; in order to do so, Yuno decided to summon you. You can input keywords to know more about occult and ask her how she's doing. After inputing suggested keywords you can ask to solve cases. Have fun
Like Talk to Aya, this is a really cute little game. I'm happy you added a quiz!
This is the third in the "Talk to" series. It is decent for what it is. Only this time, you aren't a new friend for the girl, you are a summoned spirit. Really amusing when you use the same name for all three of them...  Anyway, this girl, Yuno is heavilly into the occult. And you are her case-helping servant... who can be what she expects (a demon/fiend) or... a bit more kind-hearted...  Worth a try. Would be better if they bundled the set, but still...
The concept of the game is actually pretty clever in its simplicity, but it falls flat after a bit. I think that it's worth it for the price, but I hope to see the idea explored more in the future.
The weapons, outfit and pet/mount skin are cool. A little cheap to just give us 30 days of premium and 1200 Lumen but it will do.  Even though it was only 30 days of premium I still recommend it for the badass look.
How do i claim that stuff from dlc i buy it?? pls help me i don't recive anything in the game!
hehe
Ultimate waifu~
again, had trouble with this one because i am not a pollack
its even more gopnik than ze last one less beautiful pixelart but more gopniks to beat up highly recommended 10/10  
Nice one! Decent physics, very detailed car models and game world.  Hoping for a new game mode with missions and tasks.
You do know that cars aren't supposed to sound like mechanical children being tormented by a demented ice cream truck, right? Putting audio off the table - its surprisingly good and free off bugs. Just please - do something with the cars audio and you'll earn a follower for life!
Good game and they keep adding stuff every two weeks
I think some of you nuts are playing the game the wrong way. This is not N4S or some minecraft creative bullpiss. The game is about CHALLENGER. You can't just drive like in a GTA5's tank. You'll get your car trashed. You need to pay attention to your resources and where to find them. Go hard or go home.
Getting better and better with each patch and update. The landscape is beautiful, being able to roll back on my wheels is a bonus. The score between 1 and pizza for this would be deep dish pizza.
Nice alternative to Spintires! Not as big and with more focus on off-road aspect. Good maps - and quite diverse. I like the way they keep adding more content - in form of free updates, rather than paid DLCs. Surely has potential to become something great, if they'll keep their current workflow.
its fun to play and devs are working hard to make it a better game.
Nice maps. Wish there was more of them. Same for cars. Good driving simulation and visuals. Kinda sandboxy but I like those. Lots of room for additions and expansions. I don't have much free time to play those days and those few moments with this game are relaxing.   I've been keeping my eye on Ultra Off-Road for quite some time now. As for game made in so short time, it isn't bad. Developers are doing a great job updating and improving it. Just I wish that game was released as Early Access title. Maybe then it would get better reception.  Good job and keep it going Dev.
I actually refunded this one in feb. Gave it another shot after 10th update. It sucked at release, but now it is actually good. Big thumbs up to the devs. Game developers who actually follow their words with actions and don't abandon their game after release - now that's a rare sight nowadays. Keep it up.
I'm mostly a console gamer (PC games and platform are such a mess right now) but I sometimes jump on steam to check what my friends are playing. So that's how I found Ultra Off-Road :P  The game looks gorgeous. And at times - we are talking "Witcher 3"-level of gorgeous. But my fav bit are the cars actually. They are incredibly detailed and really feels and drives like big, whoop-ass off-road machines.  Initially I've made a mistake and played it like a typical car game, hence I couldn't finish even the first level lol. Then I adjusted and started paying attention where do go, which car and how. The gameplay is much more slow-paced and strategic than I though. So I got hooked and 6h later here I am writing a review :D
Love the stunning visuals, they attracted me to the game in the 1st place. UOR played on ultra is really beautiful, almost yelling IT'S ALASKA, MAN! The  feeling of freedom is also very nice - what the real off-road is all about. Let's say my inner explorator feels FINE. :D  Next - the driving experience. There was a simulation/arcade debate here, also addressed by the devs. Imho it feels quite balanced right now, though I'm not a hardcore sim fan. My jeep could bounce more/jump higher - maybe some future arcade feature? ;)   The flaws are minor but should be mentioned. Some UX/UI choices aren't the best, it took me a while to get used to the game. Also sound design needs more love - while forest / Alaskan ambiences are nice, the car engine sound gets tiring rather fast. :P  Last important thing - game support. I've read about all 10 updates released between the launch and the moment I got the game. For such a small team (in-game screen mentions 2 programmers?) the speed of devs reaction is impressive!  I wish No Man's Sky had such dedicated support after the launch... :P  Final words: if you like exploring wilderness in 4x4 manner, this game could be for you.
Good game. Specially when you consider that only two people made it. The maps being hand made was no joke - they are really awesome. Cars are surprisingly detailed and realistic and physics sure puts out a challenge in later tracks.  So far I am playing for over 2h and I am having lots fun.  Kudos to the developers. This game's reviews and score is a perfect example how broken Steam's reviews/score system is. It doesn't deserve such a low score.
IMPORTANT EDIT: I updated the game and went for another round, and it's a much better experience this time around. I could actually slot the vehicle between two trees with barely enough room to fit. significantly less frustrating! I still believe this game to be in its early access stages, but the driving is mostly realistic if you drive like a 4x4 and not a bouncing maniac. I find that I'm applying lines that I do on the trails irl in the game and making similar decisions. I appreciate the quick response from the developer and the quick and accurate solution. There's still some issues with collision physics to be worked out, but overall it's a decent game.  ORIGINAL POST: I'm an avid overlander irl. I love the idea of this game, but its seriously messed up. The vehicles at this point take damage. most of the time it's not a problem, you collect a tool kit and repair yourself as you go. Well, I made it to the second to last stage and was enjoying myself when the trees has some truly screwed up hit boxes that are 5x the size of the tree. I could be 4 feet away from the tree and "hit" it and get stuck on it. I couldn't get 10 feet into the stage it was so messed up. I enjoy the idea of this game, but this game is a full release game right now, not an early access and it should still be in its alpha stage.
Game is in development. As of April 2019, there's a lot of missing features and it needs a lot of polishing (in fact it probably needs to be sanded before it can be polished). I do not recommend the game in its current state unless you enjoy being a part of the development process, and do not mind a work in progress game.
I played for like 4h straight. I can see a potential, but as for now it is much more like arcade. I like pizza but usually it's hard to find one in wilderness ;) What should change: open world should be open, better destructions (also for trees plz ;).   Really nice cars, great landscape, just work on it more. devs plz. So positive .... conditionally.
This game still needs a lot of work, and they still need to update some of their game description to match with what is currently available, to what is planned for the future as they don't seem to tally up or match. And I dont consider this game a simulator, but rather a simcade which it matches perfectly and is honestly the type of game that I enjoy sinking a few hours into. Also, I dont have a problem with floating objects like pizza, fuel and as such, but it may be nice to have an option to enable or disable them, but seriously its not an issue for me at the current state.  At this point, i wouldnt consider this game a finished product, but rather a work in progress and a early access. Also most of the negative reviews of other reviewers stems from the fact that this game over-promises but under delivers at the moment. Honestly, I dont have a problem with that, as I always treat games just as a game and not something as a serious consumable object.  So, personally considering this game is $14 as of now and for the value proposition for myself, its a thumbs up for me, for what I expected with this game. But others may have a different opinion.  To the developers, nice job with this game, but please consider matching your store page description to accurately reflect the state of this game and I don't mean that you were misleading anyone, its just that different people have different perspective. In doing so, you may reduce a lot of negative feedback. Once again, good job with this game and I wish you guys the best with the future improvement with this game and your game sales.
It's a fun game, and I appreciate it for what it is. It definitely needs work, and I hope the developers commit to improving it.
I bought this game on day one finished it in about 3 hours. This game definitely still needs allot of work and some more features and It should have been released as an early access game at first. I think people should give the creators a bit of a break it's not so bad for a first attempt and I still found it fun. The game does have good potential and I look forward to seeing it progress with time. The main issues I have with the game so far are the sounds the engine sounds dreadful, I'm not a fan of the floating food, fuel and repair it just looks very tacky maybe some camping or rest spots with fuel stations and a place to sleep and save progress would be more realistic, navigation is pretty hit and miss and you never know what direction to travel in needs a compass and map or gps, customizable and more cars are needed and more camera views too, I hope eventually to see more countries and stages with more game modes and multiplayer , handling was ok but could be better and needs manual gears with low and high range ratios, changeable settings  like suspension and tyre pressures and types need to be added. overall  the game is too arcade at this stage so it can't really be called an offroad driving simulator just yet. I look forward to seeing more of this game and developers and creators please don't give up on this game because like I said it has massive potential and is pretty fun despite its downfalls. Keep up the hard work !!
A lot of fun, Nice cars, very intersting locations. I`m  back to play this game.
loving this game a very good game to play casual or as you plez .but i do need xbox controler to work [finck this is on the way].great work and good luck to you all at ice thank you..............                        update....       plez plez have a new look  at this game .the dev are putting so much cool and good updates out for the game.it really is going in the right direction and at a good speed.top job ice.
Purchased this game despite all the negative reviews? Yes.  Does the game need work? Yes. Are some of the engine sounds brutal? Yes. Does it need a map? Yes.  Do most of the negative reviews have less than 30 minutes play time? Yes. Is the guitar riff in the menu sweet? Yes. Are the graphics beautiful? Yes. Did I have a big goofy grin om my face the whole time? Yes. Do I think the game has potential? @#$% Yes. The devs appear to be very active and I am looking forward to seeing where they take us? Yes. So? Yes.
I've completed every level in under 3.5 hours! This game really captures the excitement of the original CORA games and I look forward to playing it for many more hours.  Overall I'm satisfied with this game and I'm glad that I purchased it on day one! I see fantastic potential here and I can't wait to see how the developers improve upon this amazing platform!  There are, however, several opportunities for improvement. Removal of floating food/fuel/repair parts for one. Adding a much needed compass with objective blip is also suggested. As well as the addition of other objective modes such as "search and rescue", "find the markers", and "freeroam", etc.   And finally, thank you Ice Torch Interactive for recapturing that magical spirit of man and machine vs nature that has been so sorely lacking among all of these high-speed race-to-win driving games.  I wish you the greatest success!
The Dev's are making huge strides to make the game right and i applaud them and their efforts.  There have already been huge improvements to the game, I cant wait to see what come from the coming updates.    Good Job everyone at IceTorch.
Honestly, I was a little bit afraid of this game. I like cars, off-road driving  and I have been always dreaming about Alaska, but I was afraid that it will be too difficult to me. But no, it is just what I need. Few different , good looking cars, each with different parameters. Food and fuel supplies are ok with me, because it makes you to think about what you do. Control as intuitional. All this beautiful landscapes. Nights and days. Sun , rain, snow and fog. On one hand it’s an amazing effect and on the other it makes your ride a lot harder.  Works for me :)
New review as of April 28, 2019  The devs have continued their development on the game. My original review doesn't reflect current game state. Positive review reflects their attention to updates needed to ensure the game meets community standard.  Old review:  - No button/controller remapping. - Cannot change transmission type - Very arcade, joystick up is forward, joystick backward is reverse - There are no simulation elements. Like locking hubs, dropping from 4hi to 4lo, etc - You cannot modify anything about the vehicles. Like changing tire pressure - Audio for engines all sound the same, the engine revs to red line even when rpm is at 2000. Like pressing the gas just plays an mp3, there's no dynamic - Says destructible cars, but there's no basic damage like scraping against trees or rocks. - Terrain doesn't 'move'. IE hitting a tree at full speed, the tree is just a solid collider, there's no movement/fluid feel  The game has no UI, no 'feel' in the menu. You just hold joystick forward and drive over icons that either gives you fuel or food.  It feels like something you might pickup as a Unity asset and are supposed to build upon.
I bought eep12 from steam  and registered it on my eep shop account , when I log into my account I can see  my registration number there, I have gust  bought eep15 from steam , I can download in from steam ok and get a registration number form there , then go to eep shop sign into my account to register the game but cant find how to register eep15 from there , can you help me to register the game over the internet please . your instructions tell how to register from a  CD and from a shop download but not wen you purchased the game from steam.
First impressions:  PROs -  Runs on both laptop and desktop systems. The recommended specs are a good starting point. LOTS of options and variations. This is not a game. It is a 2D/3D railroad modeling application. The UI is smooth, but takes getting used to.  CONS - A few graphical glitches, a couple of bugs with track and switchlaying. Workarounds solved these bugs.  LOCALIZATION:  This is the first time the game is localized for English, but the translations are excellent IMO.  Some folks may be put off that the game models European railways primarily, but there are assets available (and a friendly and helpful forum) to help model North American railways.  CONCLUSION:  If you like modeling train sets (there is no built-in economy) then this is a great package (get the expert version).
This module includes 3 variants of the MiG-29 which are very fun to fly and great beginner aircraft. They are low-fidelity models meaning none of the cockpit is interactable though the flight instruments are modelled and accurate. These planes are the same as those included in Flaming Cliffs 3 and does not add anything more to the game if you already own FC3 as far as I can tell. Don't buy this if you already own or are going to buy FC3 like i did, it is a waste of money in that case.
I own probably 10+ planes including the F18, an this plane is my favorite. I like how fast it goes an simply everything else abut it. I'd buy again it's that good
Can someone please help my DCS steam edition is not launching.
The Mig-29 was the first module I purchased for DCS: World and it is a fantastic aircraft. This DLC package comes with the Mig-29A, Mig-29S, and the MiG-29G. All these aircraft have different specifications (The Mig-29A is the originial fulcrum, The MiG-29S is the upgraded and more modern fulcrum, and I believe the Mig-29G is the German version of the fulcrum.) I mostly fly the MiG-29S as it has acess to the r-77 missles which are super useful and are a great tool for Beyond Visual Range engagements. Keep in mind the MiG-29 has limited fuel it's important to manage your fuel and restrict your afterburner use to emergencies or during manuvers. The fulcrum also offers some air-to-ground capbilities with rocket pods and unguided bombs, The unguided bombs are somewhat accurate but I would not use it for precision striking, the rocket pods are very accurate and these can be used to destroy vehicles. The cannon on the MiG is usable both in Air-to-air as well as air-to-ground. Overall, the MiG-29 is a fantastic module and it's a good one for begginers due to the simple cockpit and the capbility to map most commands to the joystick.
Bought Mig 29 some 1.5 months ago and spent around 50 hours in the cockpit. The module is great. The plane reaches Mach 2.65 in 11-13 km altitude, is highly maneuverable, fantastic climb rate and in combination with R-77 missiles with built in radar stands equal chances in fight with F-15 and F-18. I reached higher success rate and better survivability in combat  comparing  to Su-27 and Su-33. Mig-29`s altitude/ bearing holder is not bugged comparing so Sukhois, so you can let the plane fly on its own during long flights towards the target zone, turn it off....and on repeatedly without any issues. Landing is however more challenging! The plane`s radar lacks datalink. Controls are same as for Sukhois. I own all russian planes in DCS and Mig-29 in pair with Mig-21 are definitely my favourite!
Its fun to fly around but a bit difficult.
Nice addition to DCS World! Overall the aircraft is enjoyable to fly and highly maneuverable. The systems are very simplified to SU-27 as far as radar and tactical awareness so you need to rely on AWACS more. For the price you get what you pay for.
it's kinda hard to properly master the game due to it's difficulty. but overall,it is fun to play and also one of the game that i could play just to kill time. and yea,the harder the better, right?
Cel mai bun joc din lume mai bun ca si csgo fmm gaben <3
Went into this game to give it the first review here on Steam expecting it to be complete "trash".. and to my surprise it wasn't nearly as bad as i expected!    Simple, but not bad a little game especially considering the under dollar price point.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPW_JVvR3wk&lc=z223edtxbtzqczixz04t1aokgporuiivmdtu2zmntsqabk0h00410  8 out of 10.  Recommended as long as you aren't going in expecting Mortal Kombat.
Hours of Content - About half-an-hour. Modding Support - None at all. Sexual Content - Mildly provocative poses. . . ?  For the price, I'd say this is an alright game. It's definitely a "dollar-game", and if you catch it on sale (for say, half-off), you should absolutely grab it. That is, if you're a fan of mildly-lewd pixel art. I do a lot of pixel-art myself, and the visuals of this game are very appealing. The interface also looks nice and clean, and the art is animated (upon completion).  The game-play is very basic. It's a puzzle game, and all you do is match colored tiles to uncolored versions of said tiles. You are timed, and you have three "lives" to last for the whole game. Once you complete each puzzle, you have to re-do all of them, except without the uncolored tiles to guide you. After some memory (or guessing), you'll eventually make it to the final puzzle which was. . . a bit anti-climatic, but at least it was different.  Unfortunately, this game has no "gallery" mode, so you'll have to re-complete any puzzle if you want to see the picture again. There is also no "stage-select", which means you'll have to complete one or more puzzles if you want to see one that's further down the line. Once you complete a puzzle, the game will automatically progress, so I'd recommend you record your completed puzzles if you want to see them again (without redoing them).  For the price (particularly when on sale), I'd say it's a quick time-killer of a game. At the very least, it's a quick game to obtain 100% Steam achievements. If bouncy pixel boobies are your thing, consider Anime Pixel Girls.
If you really, REALLY love simple pixel art that's kind of sexy too, this is an alright puzzle game. Nice art and music too.
I LOVED This Artwork Of Pixel Anime Girls Very Nice You Just Place the Pieces where they go And Once You Complete 10 Levels You re do them BUT now they Vanish And you yourself gotta place them in the Correct order Little hard but easy once you Know where they Go. I def recc This To Anyone Who Love Pixel Artwork Cause IK I did.
The future is after pixel babes ^_^
Lots of shaking boobies 10/10
When I got this when it was only 59 cents...it's not bad. I would suggest a 'Continue' or 'level select' option, and a 'galley' option if you ever work on this again or make a new one. Cute, easy to play, and can run on anything.
10 out of 10 i came in 8 minutes
The game concept is original and solid, I can see a lot of potential in this game  there are funny moments when playing with someone, the controls are really good. it might seem  a little bit confusing at first but once you play the first game you will get the hang of it .. the arcade mode is some extra content if your solo   I found most of the monsters don't have a unique feature, but a couple of them are really cool, like that bucket one    overall its a simple game with a unique idea that makes for a lot of fun with a friend.   suggestions: 1- an option for controlling the player with the motor  2- sound design could use some work .. especially the foot sound it can get disturbing when there are multiple enemies  3- there is a bug in the arcade mode .. the levels names are not ordered, you start with level 2 then level 11! 4- Im not a big fan of the player weapon its too simple  5- some maps are not clear, the bridges in the foggy map are not clear I didn't even know there is a bridge
An entertaining and fast-paced indie platformer with a sufficient number of upgrades and character skills to ensure the game is fresh and entertaining no matter how you play. Give it a shot!
fun old skool platformer .. tight controls .. great game to relax with .. 8.5/10 GG
The buttons on gamepad not usable, thus only can play with keyboard at the moment. Using a mad Catz LYNX 3 bluetooth controller.
King of Queendoms is fantasy-comedy eroge visual novel. For those of you who are not versed well in the terms of this industry, eroge means that it has erotic dating sim aspects to the game!  I normally don’t buy this sort of game but a friend of mine recommended it to me saying that beyond the erotic aspects of the game, that actually it is quite an intriguing satire with a few choice jokes along the way.  I took a look, and seeing that the game is quite cheap anyway, I decided to dive in and have a go.  Story & Writing  The story is set in your typical type of western European style fantasy world. The game actually has a pretty cool backstory and I did like the lore behind it. There was a lot of focus on the geo-political situation and the whole history of the place and that was a major part of driving the plot, I like that bit a lot. There was an interesting mix of jokes, some of them were subtle and honestly a bit too high-brow for the average person (Treaty of Breastphalia = Treaty of Westphalia) but it also had a fair amount of very cheesy jokes that we all know are bad but we can’t help but laugh at!  The game is actually a satire of modern society but it does it in a way that may actually be too subtle and I can see what the writer was going for, but maybe he should have been a bit more obvious. Still, it was an interesting perspective to take and actually on the whole “change of perspective” and “making people think” aspect of it, I would actually recommend this game. I know I sound very cryptic and mysterious here, but I don’t want to give it away. The concept is cool but not obvious enough for most people to see.  The writing itself is quite good, though it could really do with a proper proofread, as there are quite a few grammar mistakes and missing words.   Art Style  The art style is quite nice, not the best I’ve seen for visual novels, but certainly not the worst either. The sprites are very nicely designed and I do like how they have their own feel and don’t purely feel like your typical European Medieval fare, but have aspects of other cultures in there too to give it a mixed feel. The CGs are quite good, but somehow I don’t think they’re as nice as the sprites. The backgrounds are really good.  UI  The UI is quite pretty in terms of the text box and the buttons on it. The game buttons for making decisions in the game are not as nice; they really should have put the effort into making them look more medieval. Also, the way that they change color all the time is a bit tacky. They should really be more uniform. Given that those buttons are the way that the game is driven, I feel a lot more effort should have been put into it.  Music  I liked the music a lot! Maybe my favorite thing in this game. I somehow feel though, that the music takes the game way more seriously than the game itself does. The music feels very cinematic and epic. I somehow suspect that the developer may not have told the composer that this was a fantasy-comedy with erotic elements and the composer thought he was writing music for the next Harry Potter haha! Still, I actually enjoyed the music quite a lot by itself and, to an extent, the music being serious felt like the characters themselves were taking the story seriously, even though we are obviously not meant to.  Conclusion  All in all, I was surprised by how easily I could read this. It was never boring and I did enjoy some of the more intellectual jokes. The game is a bit shoddily put together but, at the very least, it never breaks. The game is not super long, just a bit over an hour to get one ending, but it’s very cheap anyway so that’s a plus.  TL;DR – Not the best visual novel out there but, for it’s price, a decent read for a chuckle or two on a quiet night. Recommended.  
why
after playing for only 2 minutes, I instantly went from not hard to very hard ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Oh well.. It is what it is, and that's  just fine
Oh my wife will enjoy this game.  To be honest, I find it quite fun as it makes fun of the over abundance of thin women puzzle games and even knowing I'm not gay...at all...this is incredibly funny to play.
这是个好游戏
Needs bug fixes badly, had multiple instances of crashes and times when the UI just disappeared alltogether making me have to quit out.  The concept is good, just needs to leave alpha state.
I think it's pretty good, It's a little bit of S&S Crusader and a tiny bit of the regular S&S. There is definitly a lot of strategy involved in this game.
I'm a big fan of the Swords and Sandals series and I really enjoy this game. I definitely reccomend buying this game.   While playing the game I noticed that sometimes you don't always get the items that you "liberate from the enemy" when beating them in battle. I'm not sure if its a bug or what. Overall, this is a really great game, and again, I would definitely reccomend getting this game.
I've been waiting a spot of time for a Swords and Sandals game, and I finally got one yesterday! It's a fun little game with tons of charm and silliness. It's a melding of the everything Swords and Sandals has been thus far, with gladiator fights, a sort of board game/mario party concept, and a combat system very close to Swords and Sandals Crusader.  It's a good time and an interesting game, so I would definitely buy it, or wait until the Christmas sale to buy it to see if the price drops. It's already fairly cheap, but who knows?   One last thing: the game has some bugs here and there with navigating the UI, and it froze up one time while in a battle. Otherwise, it's playable.  Thanks for the game, Oliver!
I only finished this game 3 times and played survival a bit so i cant say alot about it but this still is a classic game that every Swords&Sandals fan franchise should get if they have the chance. It's a nice new view from the developer to put this game at seas which really extended the horizon for this series.Still this game has some minor bugs, but they are fixed very soon as the developer listens to the appeals and complains of the players, and i find that fantastic, generally cant see that dedication and passion put into the game(only by a small creator) So overall a solid game that needs a little bit of polishing, perfect for a diehard Swords&Sandals fan and good for a new to the franchise individual.
First off, this is my first time with a Swords & Sandals game.  I guess I'd describe it as a very simplified game regarding all mechanics, fighting, gathering of materials and so on, it's all only a click away mostly. (combat has a bit of Ghostlords and similar Battle RPG's feel to it)  Sailing around the seas reminds me of Sunless Sea, again it's a simplified version as you don't shoot at anything you just run into it and grab loot or talk to the captain. (which makes it possible to trade, duel or full on attack)  At the same time absolutely everything is very hardcore RNG based, how much you find when searching for resources and so on but you can decrease it by getting the skills for fishing/exploring for instance.  If you don't like instant failure state due to losing a roll of the dice then this game is not for you as you might die due to eating that eel, you can avoid this mostly by never clicking "adventure". (which of course will mean you'll miss very nice loot...)  Issues; Keeping morale up is quite hard, they're very easily bored apparently, a game mechanic I know but it seems a bit "off" - not sure if different crews (viking compared to X) crave different things or if it just drops X points per X. (it's not properly explained)  That is really the thing for me TBH, few things are explained, I'm not asking for someone to hold my hand through it but some things are a bit trial'n'error like what resources you'll get when gathering resources, maybe add a small icon of the game's icon. (resources comes in materials for instance, maybe a small icon showing which potential resources you can get from each "actions"?)  Outside of that I've enjoyed my time with the game, fairly silly and nice humour, simple it is but in a good way.  Extra thumbs up for a developer that clearly listens as well, always an extra plus.
Very disappointing. The game appears to be great except for one thing. You get random events that happen which require you to get a certain number on a d20 roll, this requires you to click on the d20 when it is displaying a number. Great if you are well co-ordinated but for players who are getting older it is impossible, I don't recommend this game at all until this mechanic is changed. So much potential ruined by such a bad design decision.  Edit: I have just received a comment from the developer of the game commenting on my review, he has indicated that he will be patching the game in a way that may address my concern. On the basis of this I am recommending the game as what I had experienced was really good up to the point of the dice rolling.
This game has been too epic so far for a full review, so I'll give you the abridged version for now.  Buy it.  Buy it now!  
Fantastic, i love it
I bought this  on sale (-80%) and i think i made the right choice. For 3,35 Euro this is an amazing collection of music. A masterpiece!
A very early review...   The game has a ton of promise but is at roughly 20% or less of campaign development.  The engine seems to work well and is very reminiscent of Battle For Wesnoth. Each unit has it's own inventory, stats, level up capabilities etc...   Tactical depth is a bit lacking but that is largely due to the existence of only 2 missons so far and well, how in-depth do RPG characters of Level 1 or 2 really get?  Definitely looks at though it will be worth the price if you enjoy deeply statistical turn-based RPG combat.  Give it a go.
Enjoy the coffee!
What can I say? This is A MUST HAVE.
Does anyone of you people putting negative comments know what a season pass is? No? Yeah, they have released only ONE OF THE FOUR PROMISED missions. Two Sniper Missions, Two Full Missions. Plus Whatever else ioi is cooking up for this but just not released yet.
People gave bad reviews for Episodic release when the game cost 60€ as a whole. That lead to Hitman2 becoming a fully fledged game of its own with a 70€ price tag and a 40€ Season pass (or 20€ for pre-ordering it all before release).  Now they complain about Season Pass for 40€ and sniper maps - Still unwilling to pay IOI the price of developing these massive levels and updating their technology (which they constantly do).  They don't think and they don't know what is involved in the creation of a game at this scale. Sadly that means we have to pay a premium for seeing the game continued like it happens to smaller very involved projects like some simulators e.g.  Gamers are terrible clients, because they are young and have no money.
Another placeholder review as I'm sick, but I wanted to just say that I'm happy I bought this. The new sniper map is well-designed and fun, and I like the idea of a bank and a resort as proper maps. Hopefully they'll live up to the standards established by the main game.  ...but let me be completely honest: I didn't buy this for the content, I bought it to support IO. Hitman 2 is one of the best games I've ever played so throwing extra cash at them made sense to me. If you're new to Hitman and reading this review, I would recommend starting with the base game before picking this up - I don't want you to spend a lot of money and then feel like you wasted it. We're still months out from the new maps, after all.
The Expansion Pass includes 2 expansions. These are being released in pieces on a monthly roll out over the course of 2019 from January through the end of the year. As of April while I write this only 2 chunks have been released: The Winter Sports Pack (a cosmetic bundle) and Hantu Port (a Sniper Assasssin location with a Sniper-only mission)  However, that is not all the content coming, each expansion will include both a Sniper Assassin mission and a regular location along with a couple of normal missions. There are 4 special assignments and more equipment packs coming along with it.  You want highlights for what's coming? Monthly roadmaps and even a 2019-year-preview have been posted. I track that information here: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1581951243  Don't let the false reviews whining about "it's just a sniper mission" fool you. This is a years worth of content and it's only just started to roll out. 
Kinda sad that a bunch of lazy morons can't be bothered to read. Dude, this is a fantastic game from a relatively small studio. There's more replayability in this than in almost any other game I've played. Keep up the good work, IO, and here's to a Hitman 3 someday.
This Expansion Pass has not been completely released yet. There is a lot more incoming content and IOI updates the game every month. Two new real locations have been announced: one in a bank and the other in a beach resort. You can find more information on IOI's Hitman roadmap. Alongside those brand new Hitman locations come some minor Sniper assassin locations. One of them is already out. Alongside this bunch of content come new items and suits every now and then. You can trust IOI, they never fail to deliver. All of those will arrive by the end of the year: again, more informations on the official roadmap.  As I said, some revews here are quite unfair: Sniper missions are only a little part of what's to come, the big highlights being brand new Locations, and new missions (on existing location, giving night versions for instance). IOI gave every season a theme and all of them sound promising.  Have fun, PK.
Since there is some confusion to what this expansion pack includes, please check - https://www.reddit.com/r/HiTMAN/comments/bbzlsn/new_updates_for_2019/  As of the date of this review (27/04/19) only the first Sniper Assassin map has been released. Future updates will add an entirely new location called 'The Bank' and will include two bonus missions set in Santa Fortuna and Mumbai. Bonus missions are like 'Landslide' and 'The Icon' for Sapienza from the legacy pack, which use modified versions of existing maps for entirely new missions.  Expansion 2 will also include similar amount of content i.e a new location (Resort), new sniper map (Prison) and two bonus missions.
You know why you want to try this masterpiece. You gonna love it.
Awesome expansions that have the heart and soul baked in like a lovely pie.
THiS IS GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
cool and nice dlc      also to the people who are impatient and posted a negative review here just because they thought sniper maps would be the only new content added with the pass, there will be actual levels along with sniper levels, smh my head
Pick it up while it's $20 now. Hitman 2 is a great game and the Expansion Pass is definitely worth $20.
I understand why some people aren't thrilled with the slow-drip release schedule of this expansion pass content but I actually like how it gives me time every month to really master each game update's new content. It keeps the game interesting over many month instead of binge playing all the content in one day or weekend.
i have expanssion pass and i could not use expanssion missions still is visable as enter shop and purchest
Big levels, lots of fun - replayability after a few months. Great graphics.
It would be nice to know when these additional features get released.
Great new content that keeps the game alive. The more Hitman the better!
Great, really adds more depth to the game !
this game is amazing i find it  it to better than  absolution by far i recommend  it to everyone will not  know what you are missing give it a try you wont be disappointed
Best game ever !! just be patient. Awesome DLC will come !!!
Purchased this yet still shows basket ingame for purchasing even though it is installed on steam. not clear on weather you get both goty packs or is this additional to the goty packs. DLC content should be free within first year. also elusive targets, had a countdown that had 9 hours to go, came back from work now 9 days?  
Fantastic game with a ton of challenges as well as player made missions.
Dumb people review bombing even before release of the said content..... Sad
Apparently a lot of people don't understand how season passes work. Would you have preferred Day 1 DLC?
Those negative Reviews are absolutely nonsense. Man ... why are people so stupid? can they eat and breath alone?  We need a hitman mission for those guys. :)
Just here to drop a thumbs up due to the morons dropping thumbs down on things that havn't been released yet. What utter ****ing idiots.
amazing
Nothing for it has been released yet, will re-rate when DLC is released
people are retarded. they havent released anything for the pass.
hehee warry nicceecece
Consider:   If you downvote the expansion pass it's because you don't know what happened to your money because you were stupid enough to buy it without reading the full details of it. You deserve to 𝐒𝐔𝐅𝐅𝐄𝐑
Waiting for its release
The Locations from this DLC haven't come out yet. Expect them to release somewhere in April/May and July/August, maybe later.
Bloody great. Had fun killing targets in the stupedest ways. 10/10
People are morons.  This isn't out yet
Well i be wating for this baby to come out then
Just giving it a positive review to cancel out the reviews of the idiots who purchaced this instead of the actual game and are downvoting it
This is the expansion pass. It hasn't been released yet. You can pre-order if you like.  I'll update this review once the expansion is released but am giving the pre-order a thumbs up partly because I like the base game enough to pre-order the expansion, but also because the vast majority of the downvotes have no idea what  this even is.
This review section is proof of the human species devolving, people are literally looking for DLC that doesn't exist yet, i'm laughing but on the inside i am dying and filled with great sadness... Is this what we've come to?
I dont understand why people aren't getting the maps, because I am. MAKE SURE TO BUY THE STANDARD EDITION BEFORE GETTING THIS PACK OTHERWISE YOU WONT GET THE MAPS.   or you could just get the gold edition and get everything anyway, same price.
This game is absolutely amazing, 10/10 in my opinion. Definately worth buying!
bunch of morons never heard what a season pass is, huh?  Here kids, I'll do you a favor. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Season_pass_(video_gaming) Click this link, to [b] brain enlarge, [/b] if you dont understand how a season pass works.
Its an expansion pass
This is not released. Wait it with buy if you don't trust IOI or something.  If you want to support IOI for this masterpiece, than buy this pack and wait for the contracts, Agent.
You should buy this expansion pass in order to get more fun of this game :D
Hitman player since Codename:47.  I'm really enjoying the maps in Hitman 2, and am splitting my time between new content and redoing old maps that I know like the back of my hand, getting my agent level up and all the toys that go with it.  If you enjoyed Hitman, this feels like a continuation instead of a new game.   If you like to sneak around, completing missions different ways, and where actions have consequences, I highly recomend this game.
I have purchased this expansion pass however no maps have been added, I'm not complaining, I'd just like to know what's happening and when or if maps are coming out in this version.
I bought this on the proviso that it will feature, as stated in the description "new locations" - that is plural, so at least two. If this weren't the case then H2 would really only have 5 proper levels (sniper assassin doesn't count yo). But it seems to be a clear promise and with at least 7 levels this game is going to be vast. So unless they do something major to ruin this I would say this season pass is a pretty fair bet. If the expansions come out and there aren't new locations - or it's some bs like new missions on the same maps then not only will I change this review to negative it would probably retroactively result in a negative review for the main game. FOr now though I have nothing but trust for IOI and I'm very happy to support them.
Pre Ordered the Gold Edition <3 I know IOI isnt gonna fail in delievering a game to us so im trusting them on these DLC's as well  And of all of those who are complaining that the DLC's arent unlocked are either retarded or just acting like one BECAUSE THEY ARENT EVEN DEVELOPED YET. ITS A GOD DAMN PRE ORDER OF THE DLCS FFS.
I just love the game. The maps are really challenging and vast. Gives you enough enviroment to play around with. Ghost mode is a completely new and fresh experience. Keeps you on the edge. Its worth the buy.
I love Hitman since the first game was released. I like to pay a lot of money for it, because I enjoy it a lot. I bought the Gold Edition, which cost even more money. But the edition was not installed. Please, please explain that to somebody. Several players have the same problem. The thumb stays up because I'm playing the main game right now and it's awesome. I hope that the problem with the DLC will be solved.  Mr_Faorry  besitzt HITMAN™ 2 22. Nov. um 7:47 Uhr  Ursprünglich geschrieben von knighttime: expansion pack 1 and expansion pack 2 are not installed but were added. early access and gold edition says added but is greyed out and is bought and paid for. wtf?  The game only came out a week ago, expansion 1 and 2 aren't released yet and aren't going to be released for quite some time. Buying gold edition was just pre-ordering the two planned expansions.  Thanks a lot
Obviously they're not out yet, it's not the game's fault you guys can't read
This is a season pass for expansions to HITMAN™ 2 --THAT ARE NOT OUT YET. If you are against preordering, don't get this yet. I got this because I love the game and have faith in the developer and I want to support them with my money.
I still haven't been day one-ed yet.
Very Nice
This game gets my highest recommendation.   I have played more World War II strategic games than I can count. What Strategic Command does is find the sweet spot between detailed and complicated, and simple and easy. Their goal is for the gamer to have fun, and they succeed.    Every aspect of the war you can imagine - production, technology, diplomacy, military combat, air combat, naval combat, amphibious operation, paradrops, special forces - is contained within. Additionally, built into the game is a very east-to-understand game editor that allows you to tweak existing campaigns in any way you can imagine, or build entirely new campaigns from scratch.   However, unlike games like Hearts of Iron that have incredibly steep learning curves and operate as a sandbox for alternative realities - this game is straight forward, enjoyable and addictive. In other words: FUN!  Additionally, this development team has an incredibly reliable track record for supporting their games, adding to them, correcting any issues that might appear over time. They take great pride in their work, and it shows.   My only warning is this is the type of game that will keep you up at night with a 'just one more turn' mentality.   Great job, Devs. Keep it up.
150 hours into the game and I can say, I enjoy it. If you're a fan of Avalon Hill strategy games or Victory Games military simulations then you'll like Strategic Command WWII: World At War. Learning the game mechanics is fairly simple. If you've ever played Avalon Hill's Third Reich or any of their other WWII strategy games, you'll pick up on the mechanics for playing Strategic Command, pretty quick. The game doesn't bog you down in massive amounts of minutia controlling industry, economics, detailed politics, etc. You just plan your strategy and fight the war your way while buying the military equipment, spending money on basic R&D and very simplistic diplomacy. In no time, Avalon Hill's 'Old Guard' will be completing a full turn (both sides completing a turn) within 30 minutes. The option to 'hotseat' in head-to-head is a major breath of fresh air in the computer gaming world!  There are some random political events to add some flavor but most events you get to choose if you want them to occur or not. Like whether or not to deploy the Afrika Korps or, after the fall of France should the USA keep all those plans France paid for but never received in time or do you give them to the Commonwealth? These are just two examples. The point being I don't have to spend more than a few seconds thinking about what to do with funding R7D and diplomacy or dealing with political issues. The majority of the game turn is spent executing military operations.  The furthest the game goes into micro-management is whether or not to upgrade your forces with new technologies discovered by your R&D efforts. Such as improved weapons for your infantry and better munitions for your tactical bombers, etc.  The game isn't perfect: The flat game map causes some, unavoidable, issues with geographical accuracy. Despite hex size, you can't stack units (I'm still on the fence to whether this is a good thing or bad). The inability to create forward supply depots seems a poor game choice, in my opinion. And I have some personal issues with the random weather (but that just might be me seeing patterns where none exist). But these are all minor complaints.  Overall, I think the game deserves a look. And if you're like me; one of Avalon Hill's Old Guard, this game is a must.
Great single player game with great AI for solo play. For now it should need a bit balance in pbem. I've been following company since WW1 Breakthrough. Highly recommend.
Great game that brings balance to simplicity yet challenging gameplay , easy to learn for new players
Got this game on a whim. turned out Id sink 100 hrs of my life in it. for how basic the graphics are, the whole depth of the game is massive. i found the combat difficult and rewarding. my entire campaign playing both as the axis and allies was constantly "oh shit! i'm winning but it could fall apart at any second!".   It would be a good game for anyone interested in the strategy genre. 
This is a solid follow-up in the series.  More events, more considerations, and some nice adjustments to the previous system (really like the abstraction of the Invasion of Norway!).  Some say this game is too similar to the previous iteration, and I think there is some truth to that.  However, if you enjoyed the previous version, this is a reasonable upgrade that will serve to reinvigorate your interest in the series.  And, let's face it, this kind of game is difficult to find amongst all the first-person shooters out there.  On the other hand, if this is your first foray into this series, this is undoubtedly the best of the lot, so a good entry point.  
The gameplay outside of moving the frontline is quite shallow (economy, research & diplomacy), but the game makes up for it by actually having a fun combat system and being historically authentic. Especially compared to a certain meme game series called "Hearts of Iron". Still, you can significantly alter the course of WWII if you wish to do so by either going completely off-rails and declaring war on your own which the other nations will respond to or you choose the non-historic option when given certain decisions such as not invading Norway. During my current (and first) campaign I only encountered one bug which was luckily just an annoyance and not game breaking. My suggestion to the devs is to maybe flesh out units more like having a corps/army show the units it consists of(just for flavor would be nice enough, but maybe for some gameplay elements), while large formations make sense due to hex size constraints, it's kinda boring compared to for example Gary Grigsby's Autism Simulators. Talking about those...the game is really, really easy compared to those and a lot more forgiving. If you think the game is too complex for you, it really is not. You spearhead with tanks, you move along the rails with armies, you hold the frontparts you don't wanna move as much with corps, you keep your HQ close to your troops for better supply distribution and command bonus, you take fortresses by bombing them to shit, etc... I mean it's more than "draw meme arrow line and click go", but then again it isn't "move the 233.Sturmpioneer Battallion under Gruppenführer Dietrich to the II/3.Regimentsstab grant them extra assault guns, consolidate the I.-/II.-/Motorized Infantry elements into an assault group to do a planned attack on Pskow in accord with the 255th Infantry Divison & 12th Infantry Division". Playing Germany on normal I am having a rather easy time pummeling the Soviets, Brits and Americans on land (not on sea though I lost 90% of the German and Italian navy) without having read the manual or having played other hex-based wargames. Then again I've read somewhere that the AI behaves a lot better when they get their 10% economy bonus and +2 spotting which I will do for my next campaign.  tl;dr no HoI-tier memes, high abstraction, great gameplay  Contrary to the shop page claim"As a result we have a very active modding community who share their developments with other players" I can't find any meaningful mods for this game (Why doesn't this game have a steam workshop page?), but hope there will be many to come.
I've been wargaming for decades and this game is one of the best I've played in a long time.  It already after 24 hours of play ranks up there with War in the East and Combat Mission as one of my all time favourites.  To the guys at Fury, I'm really hoping you will release a WWI version of this as well :)
Certainly not cheap but  worth every  cent. It's crisp to look at ,functions superbly, presents tough   but great scraps even on easy settings. Nice music, good UI, the game  features regular developments that require critical decisions and that  makes this  pretty interesting.I think it's even  better than the old "Strategic Command " which was,itself, a good one by any standards. As of 23/02/2019 it's on sale so now is the time to get Strategic Command WW11; World at War...it's a good one...
Excellent WW2 turn-based strategy game that expands on the previous War in Europe title.   It's a very challenging and well developed game which covers the strategic and tactical aspects of WW2,  The player chooses either Axis or Allied and controls all the nations in whichever camp is selected (there's also an option to let the AI control some of the countries).  Then it's deciding how to prioritize investments in tech, diplomacy and production and where to defend and where to go on the offensive.   The AI is extremely well done, especially for land combat.  Overall pros: *  Covers all WW2 theaters. *  Decent balance for countries representing their WW2 situations *  Good trade-offs between tech, diplo and unit production *  AI very competent in general (naval less so) *  Devs actually respond to questions here and on the Matrix Forum  Overall cons: *  Naval AI still weak link like it was in War in Europe - AI will send out carriers which get picked off easily, unescorted troop transports turns into a turkey shoot *  Japan AI needs more work.  Doesn't defend Pacific very well and navy is too easy to destroy *  Germany way OP compared to WiE.  Not sure it's the bonus units or turn-based points (MP) but needs tweaking *  On flip side - Soviets too under powered. *  Defense of North Africa a bit weak - too easy for Brits to take out North Africa and then land in Sicily  Great game that will get better over time. 
What a gem of a game! ‘Easy to play hard to master’ is an often spouted phrase by pretty much every game marketing company these days, but this phrase really is true for this game. It might take you a couple of playthrough to work out a competent strategy but it is well worth the effort.  This game has one of the best logistics/support/moral systems that I have seen is this type of accessible computer wargame. This system keeps the realism factor to the fore whilst making you not a little frustrated when you cannot make certain moves because you are out of supply, in bad terrain or winter has set in.  This game has a solid weather system with effects as they would be for different parts of the world at the different times of the year.  There is a good research element to the game. Get behind in upgrades and you will lose all your momentum.  A large part of the game is control of resources. These resources come from a variety of sources and manifest as Military Power Points (MPPs), the currency of the game. This simple but varied way of getting resources work extremely well.  Currently there are 6 single player campaigns at a number of different, customisable, hardness settings. For even more of a challenge head for a MP game, where an unpredictable enemy comes in to play.  The game is ripe for modding and I look forward to WW1 and Cold War scenarios which this game cries out for.  Minor gripes are the ai use of ships, which is very predictable cf. ai land forces, subs are currently OP and arty needs a buff.  All in all I like it and will sink many hours into this game.
Really Good Wargame for a wargame nooby like me or someone who wants to chill and not stress out while playing such games, it also doesnt take for ever to finish a round but still gives you  a good feel of WW2, by sticking close to history with out forcing you too hard into it. Really like the choices you can make and its a blast in MP. The email turn based mp, with save uploading makes it easy to play a gaem over weeks (or if oyu play slower months). AI is capable, but Still Real opponents are the most fun to play against.
Well thought out design, easy to learn hard to master. Probably the best game on World War II in its entirety. Based on history it definitely gives you the option to conduct your campaign how you want, from research to upgrades to reinforcement to what units you build. I played through once using the manual and was ready to take on the world. I am a veteran gamer from the days of Avalon Hill board games and this game is definitely a winner. Certainly not as complex of say Grigsby's monsters but totally engrossing. One of those games you look up after 4 or 5 hours and think holy cow where did the time go.
I'm a long time HOI fan and I was surprised how much I'm enjoying playing World at War. It is simpler yet satisfyingly complex. I’m also enjoying the turn based play as it makes me plan my moves. It could use more units and the leaders can use more depth and traits.
Fun easy game to play suitable for casual gamers though reading the manul will pay dividends. Those who played the war in Europe version will find the game system to be the same, although on a slightly negative note the map scale has been reduced (presumably to fit in the whole world) so that Europe now feels a bit small and crowded. On the whole however the game seems bug free and runs smoothly.
I played the old verson for longer than I would like to admit. The update is so appreciated. I LOVE the game!
Pretty basic hex wargame. But is ok. No unit stacking not very complex.  Ok for entry level wargamers
I do recommend the game, BUT...it needs work. Consider this game similar to Hearts of Iron 3/4, but much easier.  I've only played the Axis. But here is where it needs work: 1) British aircraft carriers (CV's) are very powerful. Japanese CV's do absolutely nothing other than to lower the target's morale. British ships in general are much superior to German ships. 2) British ground forces in France are far superior to German ground forces. French forces are on par with German forces. In two run throughs, it took me until November 1940 to beat France. 3) RNG is very weird. Weather is crazy. When trying invade England, I had 3 entire turns of rain, snow, rain and rain. By the time it stopped, the British had reinforced England and I had no chance. 3a) It seems RNG favors British air forces, ships and evasion.  4) Japanese forces are so hampered by movement you simply can't get anywhere, especially in the south above Hong Kong. 5) Japanese aircraft really suck. Even after up grades. 6) German aircraft are pretty bad. The maritime bombers seem to work well, though. 7) German U-Boats get sunk rather quickly. This doesn't seem right especially during the first couple years. 8) If you can't adhere to the historical timeline, the game becomes an up hill fight. 9) The game is set up in turns. Your turn is two weeks long. The enemy is also two weeks long. This make an entire turn one month long. My opinion is to lower the times to one week intervals per side. 10) Research is good and fairly fast, but Advanced fighters, for example are any better than early fihters. It's either the research doesn't help or RNG is screwed.  That's just 10 examples. I think with tweaks, the game will be better. I even turned down the AI to it's lowest settings and went to the lowest player setting (Novice, if I remember right) and one game it still took me until November to beat the French.  So, yes, in time it will be a really good game. Get it now and wait for patches, or simply wait for a patch or two.
As I am half way through my first full game and having a blast I can see where an even bigger map would take a very long time to play and am coming to appreciate the current map more. Although a lot of us Grogs would like a little bigger map option I can now see why they made the decision to make the core map areas smaller than in SCWIE to fit to scale as the game does take a long time to play. The editor is great though and I have been able to tweak the game to fit the smaller map areas to my liking reducing economy, movement, research, scale, etc. I will probably post my mod at some point.  As far as game play goes this game is just amazing and just does everything right when it comes to WW2. I always wanted Panzer General on a grand world scale and here it is and even better. It is just right in complexity in my opinion as in not too big (WITE/WITW/WITP/HOI,etc) and not too small (OOB/PC/PG) And the AI is really good and presents a decent challenge. And the game plays just great right out of the gate. Thank you Bill and Hubert and know we only nitpick because we love the games you create so much!
Very good strategy game. Well recommended for the Grognards out there!
Every time I find that a new Strategic Command game has come out I'm unsure about buying it because at first glance it looks similar to the old ones, but each time the new one is that much better to make it worth it and this one is no exception. I'm a casual gamer, so these games are perfect for me, just need to spend a little bit of time to learn the basics and then you can begin to play and learn more as you play, and there's so much detail that you can dig in to to learn to play it better if you want, but you can manage fine without it. It works really well on a multi monitor setup too. I can have the game running on my main screen and then move the mouse out of it to check my email or stop/start a movie or music or something. I saw the reviews complaining about performance and I have to assume that they either have old machines or some other issue with their machines, it takes a little bit of time during the computer's turn, but nowhere near enough to be annoying.
Spent 100 hours in less than a week. I could not put this game down. This is a must-buy for any RTS/WW2 fan.
I highly recommend this game if you like turn based strategy games or wargames. It covers WW2 at a global level. You can choose to play one major power and let the AI play others or you can can take up to all major powers of one side.   There are many decision events within the game to add flavor - for example as the Japanese do you want to spend income to negotiate with the Vichy French government in French Indo China (Vietnam) to prevent supplies from flowing into China. You also control production and research for your major power.   The combat in the game is simple but interesting and deep. Air power is perhaps a bit over-powered but overall the system keeps the "just one more turn" feeling since turns go by quickly and there are lots of crunchy choices to make. The game isn't as deep as say "World in Flames" or "Gary Grigsby's War in the East" but it's still lots of fun.   To make AI turns go by quicker you can use these settings. Until I found these the AI turns were taking a looong time: Last Turn Summary: on  Show Moves/Combat: off  Quick Animation: on  Messages (AI turn): off   AI is among the best for any wargame that I've seen. This is the kind of game that is easy to pick up and play and I'll keep coming back to for years. Well worth a purchase imo. :)
Very nice hex and counter game.  Supply is important and after you get used to supply and how to switch units things start flowing better.  Can't wait to edit an alternative world map.
Good strategy game, kind of a mixture between Hearts of Iron and Order of Battle
Strategic command has always been the best strategic WWI2 simulation, IMO. Easy to learn, fun to play, with more realistic results than more complicated games.  This last title is the best yet, with the whole world as a war theatre. Haven't found any bugs yet. Also smoother than former SC titles.  Superb game.
If you find HOI to detailed and the rules for WITE to painful here is the cure! I love this game, nice mix of technology decisions and diplomacy and historical events that happen and the battles are great. Highly reccomended After alot more hours on the game I can say I am truly amazed at the excellent AI and fun you have with builds.
I was surprised to see this game is getting mixed reviews.  I absolutely love it. I do not play against the AI though, and I can understand that it might not be as enjoyable. However, if you have the patience to Play By Email, over a period of weeks with a friend (or an enemy), it is well worth it. The price, even when not on sale is very good as well. I can wholeheartly recommend this game to anyone that has played other Strategic Command games, or who likes oldschool epic tabletop games.  A couple cons are: -The map doesn't always render correctly (mostly very minor) -The map doesn't scroll all the way around the world, it's more like a National Geographic map than a globe- THAT is pretty annoying. -The scripted events are pretty fun, i wish there were more of them and randomized to some extent for replayablity.
This is a very good game. A rough comparison would be HoI 2 Gold crossed with Panzer General but it's a much better game than that comparison. The naval battles, thought they appear to be simple, are really very good once you see the scope. The supply system is complex. I disliked it until I understood it and now I agree it's good. Reading the manual helps a lot. Warching Paradogs Gamer and thehistoricalgamer on YouTube helps greatly. This is a game where, unless you know it very well, you'll have to think more than with other games. The time flies by. It's a well made game. A lot of decisions regarding research/production/placement/possible diplomacy/HQ management. It's a wargamer's game. No disappointments here. Nice event scripting.  NOTE: This is a game and not a valid simulation. It's a good game but it could have been another planet with different counters. This is no WW2 game.
im a pretty old school gamer and a WWII junkie. i grew playing games like Decision in the Desert, every panzer general game and its spin offs, steel tanks series, P.T.O, hell even both the axis and allies board game as well as the miniatures etc. needless to say this game caters to my game tastes. its like they took several aspects from these classic games and fused them together and refined what worked in those games.  you really need to go over the provided manual to get the most out of it. half of enjoying these types of game is learning the mechanics and then coming up with a stratagem, the other part is the execution and things can go wrong if you ignore it. i especially liked a lot of the hodge podge tidbits of lesser known historical events. again catering to the ww2 junkie side of me. [b] its not a casual game[/b], if anything it suits a niche crowd. i highly recommend watching youtube videos before purchasing.  otherwise whoa, this is a great game if you enjoy strategy games.
I'm a big fan of the SC series, I've played and enjoyed most of them for years.  SC is perhaps my fav title of all time.  I do prefer the European theatre. If you like large scale ww2 strategy games SC is the game for you.  I do wish the map was larger.
Do you have a inch for battles cross the globe? This may scratch it.
What is it? Strategic level turn based World War 2 game on global scale.  How is the gameplay, in a nutshell? If you've played Panzer General or similar games (Panzer Corps, Order of Battle etc.) then the combat will familiar. Add production, research, (very basic) diplomacy, a simple economic and convoy system and a multiple choice event system - there you go. You play as either Axis or Allies, though you can set the other countries in the alliance to AI if you so wish. Instead of Germany (and allies), Italy, and Japan, you could just play as Japan. Scenarios are 1939 (start of war), 1942 (Axis high tide), and July 1943 (allied invasion of Sicily). Difficulty can be adjusted by giving the AI bonuses. A comprehensive scenario editor is included. I'd recommend checking out the Matrixgames forums where players would usually post new scenarios. For me, it hits the sweet spot where it's accessible, but still has enough complexity to keep my glued to the screen for "just one more turn."  What should you be aware of (YMMV): The interface takes a bit getting used to, but is fine. In 1080p I find the fonts readable but a bit small - 720p is better, IMHO (I switched to 720 p for my stream so viewers could read the texts). Some historic events rely on scripts which might put off some people (e.g. invasion of Norway, creation of Afrika Korps which are scripted and require you to pay production points if you want to trigger them). There are also units that are granted via event. Some people might find that too gamey. Many events allow for "what if" scenarios, but it doesn't go as extremely off the rails as Hearts of Iron 4 allows you. I would recommend at least going over the PDF manual once with the game open to understand where everything is and what each interface element means and does.
You play either all the allied forces/axis forces, or you can pick and choose which countries to control and leave the other to the AI. You can play a single country. And you can change this all the way through the game giving control of countries to the AI as you wish.  Gameplay is quick and simple - similar to Panzer Corps and Military Commander, with simplisitc diplomacy to sway countries to your side, there is simple research and production, your also have terrain/supply effects, strategic resources like oil, and national morale you can affect through bombing, etc.  Very smooth looking with nice crisp graphics.  There are some great gameplay mechanics that others could learn from such as allowing the player to go through all their troops upgrading or reinforcing loads in one go just by clicking once on them with the respective tool.  Sound is good - city sounds when you click on a city, Stuka dive bomb effects, background music isn't intrusive.  Each turn lasts a full month, where the players turn lasts for two weeks and the AI plays for two weeks. So you will play 12 turns per year, approx 85 turns for the full war, and each turn will take your around 10-15 minutes to play so potentially a full war playthrough will take you around 15-20 hours as a minimum, but with all the planning/thought required etc it will generally take a lot longer than that.  The game is quite historical in that there are lots of scripted events and specific units that you receive to keep you roughly going the same way as the war did historically. You get historical names for units to pick from (82nd, 101st for US paratroopers etc). But the game does feature a certain amount of sandbox provision where diplomacy allows you to sway countries to your side or delay/speed up the entrance of certain countries to the war. Still to see whether the outcome of the war can be significantly changed by these decisions or not.  There are some niggles - the map zoom is a little rough using the mouse wheel when units are selected, and the map panning when dragging does seem a little quirky sometimes. Moving the map is not as fluid as I would like.  The map doesnt wrap around - the US is split in half, that makes playing the US very awkward. I really dont like this much.  A major bugbear is that when playing the allies  in 1939 you get control of Russia and the US from the start and you get asked to invade Poland and Finland as an ally! - which seems bit off when Russia was a bad guy at this point in the war! You can just leave them both on auto until they actually join the war but it feels awkward and contrived having these as part of the allies at the start of the war. I would have preferred to have the starting factions in 1939 as Britain/France/China/Poland and Germany/Russia/Japan which is slightly more accurate in terms of the countries ethical standings in 1939. I dont think you should have control of the US until 1941, and Russia should be an axis country until 1941. I really cant understand this design decision personally, this does feel very strange and spoils an otherwise relatively accurate game.  Diplomacy is a little too simple for me and confusing - countries seem to all have relationship ratings but when playing the allies Germany and France both have 100% ratings - which is supposed to mean they all are dead set on their own factions I think, but that makes it just very complicated to understand fior countries with other relation ratings - in fact I can't figure it out at all tbh. It would have been better to have relations with the controlled faction going from -100 through 0 (for indiffernet) up to +100, like HOI4 has - far easier to understand. Also it would have been nice to have other diplomatic options for things like lendlease, support payments, other than just purely trying to sway countries to your side.  Overall though its a very nice game where you can play through the whole war in a few days, interesting decisions to be made, lovely graphics, nice sound, lovely large scope to play through, but no overcomplexity or micromanagement to take the fun out of the combat (HOI4 I am looking at you) and no expensive DLC to buy (Paradox I am looking at you!).  Definitely recommended for any wargamers/history buffs, if you can get over the inaccuracies of the 1939 start.
One of the better, if not the best, Second World War strategy titles.  The game starts in September '39 at the earliest date. Unlike certain series such as Hearts of Iron, the major part of the strategy here is not to build up your armies, but to fight. As such, for roughly the first year of gameplay (which is 24 turns), most of your production will be things already ordered. This is less important for states such as Germany, who begin with a rather large and well equipped army, but it is rather important for Japan and France, to name a few. This creates for quite a few alternate history pathways, contrary to what you might think.   Having a relatively large Air-Fleet Arm in production as Japan means that a pure focus on land power in China does not relegate your naval power to simply being eclipsed immediately by the US. Yes, you do you have to wait until 1944 for some of these ships, but that's the option being proposed to the player- do you want to ensure victory in China and fight an assymetrical Pacific war, or do want to dominate the seas with little power in the Chinese interior, or do you choose a middle ground?  Combat in this particular title is quite complex a thing despite the relatively simple designs. Railroads are incredibly important to supply, especially transport hubs such as Peking and Moscow. A lot of areas can bog down quick without a good offensive strategy being put in place. If you begin an attack without having a solid idea of which units will go where and who will attack, you can find that the troops you almost anihilated two turns ago are now almost impenetrable by even veteran tank units, because the shattered remnants managed to retreat and entrench at a fortified urban area straddling a river. Just as in real life, encirclements and operational destruction are important, not simply killing troops. The importance of this cannot be stressed enough, unlike in other games where the strength of fortified positions and horror of overstretching are quite low.  A rather unique element of this serious is the attention to historical detail. Do you want to occupy Poland along the Vistula-Warsaw axis, as was the original plan, in order to secure the lithuanian route to Leningrad sooner? Or do you take the historical route and use the Bug river as the demarcation point, with Brest-Litovsk on the new border? Tiny things like this are stretched all throughout this game, and really add to the lived-in feel of the world. Even though you're just looking at hexes on a map, the grandiose and weighty feel of every decision is palpable. You truly feel like a Field Marshal would have, pondering over objectives and "what if?" moments, living through past offensives in your head to find some kind of possible victory from them.  All in all, this a great strategy title from a great strategy series.
It is a good game. I like to play 1 vs 1 on Pbem. Graphic are nice. Best ww2 board game ever. No regret
Strategic Command WWII is an awesome game.  It has just the right scale, detailed enough to allow the right mix of subtlety and replayability, while not being one of these mammoth games with a lot of tedium (and a cramp on the pause finger) that will never be finished in the end (HOI 4 I'm looking at you!).  If you want to play a World War II game which is actually finished (I would even say polished, given it is the (major) evolution of a past release), with a competent enough AI, lot of historicity and attention to details, lot of decisions (real choices, often difficult to decide in the right meaning of the word), proper scale and pace… Then that’s the game you’ll want to play (and enjoy then finish) on World War II. Then you can play against a friend for even great enjoyment (and devious strategies). This is definitively a game more involved and historical than Axis and Allies on the one hand (a decent enough game if you want some Beer and Pretzel style of gameplay). But it’s also a game that won’t come with 14 DLC to finish up Russia, United Kingdom, China, etc. It might have few minor bugs in 1.00, but god, it did not crash on me and nothing major happened adversely. It seems I know a lot about this game with only 14 hours of gaming time but given I have probably put hundreds of hours in the past games of the series, I can in good faith tell you that it just does all what the precedent iterations did, only better! And so, what is new for people having bought the previous game of the series?  The map is quite big, accurate and beautiful. You’ll identify readily the coastlines, and there is so much attention to details! They team even went to the pain of finding the names of forlorn mountain passes everywhere…  The AI is much better and is quite a competent opponent. The new extra units won’t be game changer (and that’s good) but definitively add to the replay value. The numerous decisions and events (I don’t think there is a single turn where you don’t have something to read or decide) are very well done, and they all (well 95%) come with an additional gameplay note, giving you the actual game effect (sometime quite involved) of the decisions. I mean that’s all good to know you can invade Finland as Russia, but what will be the consequences? And then if you invade it (like in most games), then the other side can do something in reaction (like when the English and French seriously considered sending actually troops). So all in all, a warm recommendation to buy the game. It is done, complete, stable, enjoyable. You don’t need to wait for some patch or extra DLCs. Supply is not botched, combat makes sense, etc.   
good game
Love this game. Has a lot of the same and standard building tools for simulators. Love the Christmas fun. Would like to see more decoration options but super Christmasy. <3 Love it and great purchase.
Fun game to get you in the Christmas spirit!
10 out of 10.  Awesome game-play, story line and graphics.  Beware of the Clocks!
This was my first true horror game and it did not disappoint. Excellent atomosphere throughout the game with a story to keep you interested all the way until the end. Great graphics and great voice acting for these guys' first commercial game. Definitely would recommend!
The Horologist's Legacy is unlike any story I've ever experienced while playing a game. The different scenarios are beautifully put together, the game has a lot more to it than the trailer puts out. There is lots of adventuring, with nice touches of problem-solving that at times can be a little challenging, but so rewarding when you figure them out, even if it takes a while to. This game is built for all sorts of audiences, even speed-runners. It is mysterious, intriguing with a lot to think about even after you leave the game. I definitely recommend The Horologist's Legacy for it's story-telling adventure, foreshadowing and overall spine-tingling excitment. At points in the game, I have literally SHRIEKED and that's how you know it's an excellent horror indie game. 10/10 go tell your friends
My opinion of Horologist's Legacy is a solid one. The game is a practical masterpiece to me. On every playthrough the overlying story seeks deeper and deeper into my brain until im able to track the symbolism in every sight I see.  Oh and the game looks beautiful on Ultra and if you set your contrast to 25-35 when you're outside and the sun is out.
Even the fairly early alpha version I was playing felt like a treat. It's a procedurally generated tower-climbing FPS that has a sufficiently high skill cap. While I haven't played any other such Roguelike-FPSs, the negatives I've heard people level at those don't seem to apply here, e.g. the A.I. is just fine and fighting varied enough. There are a LOT of weapons and enemies already, though the levels aren't hugely varied. High skill-cap if you want to challenge yourself. Not a lot of unfair deaths once you get used to a few things.  I posted a lot of suggestions in the relevant thread for simpler and more complex improvements, and many have already been implemented.
UX is rough, but hanging off the side of a tower while shooting at people then flying off with a jetpack is great.
This game remind me Jumping Flash. And It's rogue like now. Wow! I really thank 2019 for coming! I mean , I'm in future! yeah!
Very unique rouge-lite FPS unlike nothing you played before! The content feels a bit raw and there is some balance issues, but nothing game braking and its expected since its early access. Gameplay is fun and dynamic, mobs are interesting and cool looking. There's a lot of different guns, each one plays differently, but the ballistic can be irritating at times. Bosses are really cool! Each one has a solution to it, so its not just a bullet sponge. I will definitely stay tuned for new content!
5/5
I don't enjoy many shooter-type games. This one, however, caught my attention because of its bright, neon-ish appearance (yes, I'm the type of person who totally jumps for graphics). And probably because both the videos and screenshots looked kinda weird. I tend to like weird games.  School of the Dead is the story about a cute neon-pinky girl named - you would never guess... - Anastasia. She sits in class when suddenly a strange accident happens. In a short period of time the school is filled with hideous monsters. Anastasia must find her little brother and needs to get out before it's too late.   It might be me being a noob, but I think the game would really benefit from clear instructions or a user's guide in the menu. The controls are not that intuitive and the use of a trial-and-error method quickly leads to frustration, particularly in crisis situations where a bunch of angry monsters are rapidly approaching, while your main character... is... moving.... extremely... slowly... (At least I didn't know how to speed her up.)  Another small thing is that I'm not a fan of the combination of using the mouse in your right hand and the keyboard (WASD) in your left hand, I would prefer the arrow buttons or even better: a controller. But hey, I will survive.  Overall a nice, silly, funny game. Brainless? A bit perhaps, but who cares, that's the charm.
Not bad, i played it and felt in love. I hope dev will add some new levels with the updates because it’s so fascinating despite the little bugs so i swear you it’s the best game you have ever played
This is a cool game. if you like 2d platformers you will like this. definatly worth a play.
this is a cute game. my kids are having fun playing it. even when they are losing they are having fun. some games when they die they get mad but in this they are still laughing because of the ways they die and the funny characters. they just started playing today but so far they like it.
This program made my mouse to stop working. It could be something else that did that. But I didn't have any malware or anything that could've made the laser to permamently stop working and it happened when i was playing my animation.  This program is good but I also think that this program is pretty expensive for what it does, 25€ for almost nothing.  I'd rebuy it if it would get more features.
good
WOW,  Just messed with this for 10 minutes and its going to speed up so much of my artwork for a 2D game I'm working on. Mainly with textures and simple background animations. A must have for PIXEL ART !!!!
Really nice and quirky piece of software that makes pixel art extremely easy to get into, highly recommended for anyone interested in pixel art.
Simple and unique software. 10/10
Ehmmm, 25mb... The tool is fine, but the help is worse..... And the shade effect just 2 kinds now...  The big problems is: The tutorial is absent....... The trail can't be accessed.....for China(You got that why) So, Just need much more built-in guide for me.  
Simple easy Game Where You dance With the Girls And you Press The Keys where it Lands easy and simple Theres Different Modes To where you cans pend time with the girls. In all Somewhat Good game I wish there was more to it than dancing But I would Only recc this to Anyone If You Like dancing Games.
Needs more nudity, but not bad for just $4. Friends, for optimal enjoyment, open "C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\Cute Girls PC\cutegirlspc_Data\StreamingAssets". Using notepad, open the file that says 'Censored.json' and change the word 'false' to 'true'. Save the change, exit, and open the game for visual boobs. Bouncy and perfect. Thank you to fellow gamer Nero for the cheatcode :-D
Look for "Girls Dance" on Steam. Ultimately the same thing, with the same unlock method are the devs the same or is the source lifted?. Of the actual gameplay, buttons can be a bit unresponsive and I can't tell if I'm really advancing form level to level. It's an okay concept seemingly missing from the PCs (not counting th aformentioned "Girls Dance") outside of MMD. if you can get it for less that a pound/dollar or what have you, fair enough. Otherwise its needs a bit more polish. If we can get this into Wallpaper Engine, that would be grand.
Free hands mode is my favorite. I played several time and im happy now :)
great concept! but not polished off enough to be a great game yet.
6/10
Great game can recommend it !
A Front Too Far: Normandy is a quirky and basic survival action game.  It's refreshing and fun to lose yourself in a world war 2 version of Far Cry 2. 
The game ain't that bad.
I don't usually like to write reviews (too self-aggrandizing, bourgeois, etc) but I just had to for this Marco Amadei guy. Gotta help a brother out!  For one guy, he sure can develop hell of a game! I like the inventory system, stealing kraut vehicles, murdering countless nazis, etc. And the realism with the weapons is nice, if a bullet hits your gun or your helmet it will make a "clank" noise. That's why I like Easy Red too and that's how I heard of this game. The game has a lot of survival elements as well such as needing food medicine, and even morphine shots to survive. I bought it on sale but it's worth full price, easily, for any WWII enthusiast/Nazi Murder Simulator fan and I can say the same for Easy Red as well.
As a huge fan of his game EASY RED my expectations were through the roof for this "fallout meets world war 2" mashup. So far I give it a 6/10. Missions are pretty fun and it has lot of potential but it does need quite a few updates. Easy red is the better game but I'm still going to keep playing A front too far and I hope the developer continues to add more content as we really need a game like this
good game. wacky style but different and enjoyable. will continue to play this game. this is only from first impressions 8.4/10
ok,lean,prone wold be nice
1/15/19 I have just installed the game, so I can't comment about the gameplay or story much, but I think somethings would be good for improvements. The mouse sensitivity is too high for me, and as there is no slider or adjustment system, I can't fix this. The game looks interesting, and I will likely add more to this review as I get farther in the game.
For a indie development, this game is not half bad. Despite the fact that most of the graphics are retro with really low quality sound products and dialogue. This game is a interesting concept as well as something to dig into. There are quite a bit difficulty spikes on certain missions to a point where it may seem a little overwhelming but i will continue to play it. Thank you for creating this game.
Good budget game, not the best graphics but OK for a solo developer. So far a range of missions. For the cheap price do not expect the latest mega blockbuster.
Love it!  Graphical it's not the best, but I like it. Kinda 2000's graphics!  I love the home made voicing! The trading options and more are a cool thing!  Only thing I don't like is the handling of the cars. But we could say that that's a 2000's thing :P  The game has potential!
This is the kind of WW2 shooters we need.   This reminds me of Hidden and Dangerous series. You go behind enemy lines and case havoc. I like the way where you can drive around to help you in your mission.   Although the grammar needs fixing, especially the game itself. There are still a lot of bugs that need to be fixed, especially the game.   But for a budget game and an open first person shooter set in WW2. I recommend people trying this.
I absolutely love the game idea, I've been on the lookout for a World War Two open world type game, however I believe more can be put into it. Improvements on AI, controls, graphics, everything. Other than that I would say I would recommend it to those who can actually run the game on high since I have a mac and all. I'm sure i'd look beautiful on a hefty PC.   7/10, I'll rebuy in the future.
Good game
I think the game has potential but honestly anyone can walk and hold the gun more still. it makes it very hard to move and shoot. but obviously a little clunky but again it could go somewhere.
Terrible voice acting, silly looking characters, farmland that raises at pyramid-like angles randomly, and a German AI with the intelligence of a child.  However, the game has interesting enough concepts such as open world exploration and "survival" plus a nice setting and the fact that the combined bad parts of it are funny enough to be passable. So for $5 and some change (on sale right now) it's a fun little way to pass time.  Also you can shoot yourself in the foot.
The game is actually really good for the price i love the concept alot of cool guns, graphics are pretty good theres a few bugs i wish could be fixed i think putting  a sensitivity  bar in the settings would help A LOT!
If you can ignore or appreciate the retro quality of the graphics and the slightly janky voice acting there is a fun open-world WWII RPG to be had here. Don't expect realism or super quality assets at the moment but the game works well and is well worth the price. Makes me nostalgic for Allied Assault and United Offensive in a good way. Many surprisingly interesting features despite some first impressions. Worth a try if you like WWII, RPG shooters, and/or hot french resistance babes.
Great game enjoying it hopefully more levels and add ons in the future ? but for now its good i would recomend it to anybody who enjoys ww2 soe or resistance games.
you can shoot yourself in the foot.  10/10 for realism
These are my early impressions of this game. I picked this one up because it is dirt cheap and it is available for Linux, honestly I didn't have much expectations for a game that costs less than a simple meal. This game feels very much like a B-Movie (which is to be expected for the price), but if you can look beyond the budget there is some serious ambition and quite a lot of work behind it.   The game is an open world RPG set in france during WW2. You basically start being airdropped in the countryside and quickly meet the french resistance, which even though they talk very funny to my surprise is FULLY voice acted. I think this is something to praise since honestly I wasn't expecting. From there you get several missions like collecting supplies and searching for lost patrols.   You run into action quite early, so the gunplay, it is not the best, but it is certainly quite decent. The weapon bob is quite exaggerated but it makes fast shooting seem a bit chaotic. Some weapons are enjoyable to use, particularly the mp40 and the rifles. The game seems to have quite a lot of weapons, on my short play session I found a Mp40, a Kar93, the stg-44, a Sten, and the merchants sell stuff like the M1 Garand, the french Lebel, and some machineguns .   Another big surprise was finding a german car and actually being able to use it, as well as a motorcycle. The driving isn't great but is usable.   Graphically I would say this game looks a bit like the first Medal of Honor (Allied Assault) , in some aspects it is a bit worse (some textures and models) and in some aspects is a bit better (some shaders for example). There are some small issues like depth of field being a bit too overused and jump all over the place, also sometimes there is a lot of pop-in despite my graphics card clearly being able to handle the game smoothly. There is a lot of grass and hills and that makes combat exciting, sometimes making it hard to see where the enemy is shooting at you.  The UI is very basic, the menus are pretty much spartan, showing you only what you need to see and letting you tweak graphics.   I am not certain if there is any "stealth" system, but I have managed to come very close to the enemies without them noticing, so it makes me think it can be done in a stealthy way. Most missions seem to be able to be approached from any direction and with any weapons you manage to get, in a  "sandbox" fashion  So if I had to give a veredict, I would say that I am enjoying the game and I plan to finish it, so it is pretty good for the price. It has some pretty ambitious concepts and you can tell the devs were thinking big, which make me wonder: what could these developers do with some more money?  If I would recommend it? If you are looking for an interesting experience for a small price and are willing to put up with some budget quality here and there, less than stellar voice acting and a bit of glitchy graphics I would say go for it.
Remember fish wife from the base game? Well now she's overshadowed by Eldritch abomination wife. So I guess now it's rated 20/10.
I got my friends to play this game. Owo
UwU
I love Zoe, but Leonard is so upsetting to deal with that he ruins the enjoyment of many of her scenes. I wish there was a way to opt out of dealing with Leonard. I deal with enough of that toxicity in real life and do not want it in my fantasy game. Otherwise I've enjoyed everything else about Second Term DLC so far.
:0
This is a wonderful game and I love playing it with my friends online. :) I hope I'm able to donate to get some of the nice things offered but if not I'll try to save to hopefully get something later if that's possible!
Dear Devs.   I actual love you guys right now. not only did we get more monster prom BUT WE GOT ZOE!! YAAASSS!!!! I am trying my best to contain my excitement and happiness and I literally just started the game, only five minutes in and she is now literally my soul animal. not only is she fujoshi BUT SHE ALSO LIKE JIMIN!!!! like I am actual fanboying right now, I was screaming when I saw the Jimin part and when I saw somewhere about the other thing (which I won't spoil).  The story and extra content added to the game is also phenomenal. from the atmosphere to the emotional connection and even character development. This is and forever will be an extraordinary and out of this world experience, the replayability that is given to us is also incredible. this is definitely without a doubt a 9.5/10. I would've given it a 10/10 if it wasn't for the fact that there's no option for me to transport myself into the Monster Prom universe Thank you so much, you are my new gods.   Your forever loyal fanboy disciple, Jett.  P.S. Still waiting on that Monster Prom show (;
Zoe is pure, condensed Waifu Calculester is literally a charming autist
Its really fun, like the original game, more content as it is a DLC, same concept but still addicting, the only thing that I would say I want back is "15 minutes" cuz it kinda got stuck on me XD nah the new ED is ok too.
It's more Monster Prom, what's not to love?  - Calculester is a sweetheart, I love him! Also love his bod upgrade ;-) Also he screeches when he's distressed, and it's the best sound ever. So cute.  - Dmitri is great too. I knew I would love him, and I was right. Can I please take him to prom??  - I'm also still waiting for a date with the Interdimensional Prince! *cries* But I guess that doesn't really have anything to do with the DLC.  - Lots of positivity and acceptance for people (and monsters) of all kinds.  - The same great inappropriate and ridiculous humor.  - More dateable characters, side characters, and secret endings.  If you like the game, then you're probably gonna like this fun addition to it!
Monster Prom: Second Term is a Fantastic DLC, the new item based secret endings are great and I love the new characters that were added to the game. But what is most important is the Zoe is an absolute nerd and I love her!!!
I can't get enough with this game, me and a few lads have been going back and forth at it trying to grab our dates and we howled with laughter at one anothers fortune and misfortune. New characters already got me and them hooked, not disappointed and second term far shot past our expectations in the best way possible!
zoe said trans rights
Taught an E̶n̶c̶h̶a̶n̶t̶e̶d̶ ̶A̶r̶m̶o̶r̶ ̶U̶n̶d̶e̶r̶c̶o̶v̶e̶r̶ ̶C̶o̶p 𝘍𝘌𝘓𝘓𝘖𝘞 𝘚𝘛𝘜𝘋𝘌𝘕𝘛 how to relax and have fun, helped a Monster Slayer deal with her own insecurities and emotions by killing an owl-bear monster with a "Monster Slayer's insecurities and emotions" sign on its neck, and helped a religious cult understand that their "God" is now a "Goddess"... And then totally making out with her in a slumber party and taking her to prom.  If you liked Monster Prom, you'll love the Second Term.
When I bought this I was unsure if it'd be worth it (tho it isn't actually very expensive) but I wondered if it'd have a lot of content but nah, IT'S TOTALLY WORTH IT AND MAKES THE GAME SO MUCH BIGGER ITS REALLY GOOD GET IT  Bought just for Zoe, and like, it adds so much new and hilarious content
Great addition to already fun game! Zoe is definitely the new best girl, and we finally get a secret route for Slayer as well! Also after seeing Slayer call Zoe "hot" and then in another scene bringing up possibilty of having a crush on one of the people nearby(And Zoe being one of those)... it could be kinda cool to have a threesome ending with both of them or something, just a suggestion XD  Oh, and I think it doesn't make much sense when on Slayer secret route to get the epilogue text about Slayer ending up in awkward threesome with Liam and Damien, considering that the whole route was about helping her overcome anger issues and trying to kill classmates(Also because we can kinda assume she is dating player character after that...).  I do have some concerns about some of Leonard's lines(He does bring up legit good points held by anti-sjw side, but is obnoxiously sexist "blackface" representation of a nerdy neckbeard, and seems to have no counterbalance in form of some overly SJW character, because let's be honest, there are obnoxious authoritarian people like that on both sides.), but people who call the the game SJW because of that and little things like pronoun choices are being too paranoid.  Seriously people, rather than complaining about fun little game like Monster Prom, take a look at Sony censoring Japanese games at the moment, or the artificial Twitter outrage over Catherine Full Body possibly causing the censorship of it in the west, or the fact that UN wants to ban all the loli art from everywhere... but enough politics already, I'm sick of everything having to be political these days...  Anyway! The DLC offers some nice new events and characters, while being reasonably priced as well! Definite must buy if you liked the base game!
A gem of a game.
I'm going to leave this review before I even play the update because: A) It's more Monster Prom, it's going to be quality B) I've seen some of it from YouTubers and  C) I'm too busy warming up my vocal chords to voice the characters when friends come home for spring break  If you liked the base game, Second Term is going to be right up your alley. The new designs, characters, situations and endings are perfect with a beautiful balance of real feels and meta bullshitery. It is an amazing piece of DLC and with how many insane seasonal updates we've gotten, the price is very well justified for the stuff we are getting.   If you don't have the DLC yet, do yourself a favor and buy it for yourself, buy a copy for your friends who own the game who don't have it, and then buy the Game and DLC for those who don't have either. If they don't like it well just summon the cult, hold an orgy and make your serfs make them like it!
zoe said trans rights
FUCKING LOVE IT
Zoe said trans rights
I love this. My friends love this. Discord doesn't have enough room to fit more than 10 people into a chat dm to screen share. I love damien the best.
"Second Term" has been teased since, as far as I can remember, September, back when it was just known as the, "Super Secret DLC." And it was worth the wait! I love the new characters, RO or otherwise! I love the new secret endings! I love the new artwork~! Everything about this DLC, I just love, just as much as its parent game! Get this if you haven't already!
I want Zoe to hug me with her tentacle arm so tightly my eyes pop out.  I'd rate this game an Eldritch Cutie/10.
Calculester hit puberty in this one    Also tentacles ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
finally i can date a computer
I got the game mostly because of Zoe wasn't disappointed   
The base game was amazing, and the dlc is even better. So glad I discovered this game and got to date my mer-princess. Happy to support this community however I can.
I have already said the original game of Monster Prom is amazing, and second term is even better. All but one of the new characters are lovable new editions, and the last one is designed to be hated. Second Term is an amazing addition to already amazing game.
I absolutely love this game  even more now than I did before! Even though I am sad that 15 minutes doesn't play the incredits anymore :(
Game is a hella lot of fun with friends and by yourself.
2 new main love interests, 3 new major NPCs, a BUTTLOAD of new polaroids.  10 new endings. (9 of which have been implemented as unlockable as of this review. There were a few not immediately available when the DLC launched but unlocked as updates over the following few days. We're just waiting on the final one to drop.) One of which is for BEST GIRL™ SLAYER, FINALLY.  A ton of new events, quiz questions, some really in-depth writing and creative art assets in the secret ending routes. Absolutely worth it.  Seriously, what the hell else are you doing with six dollars that's more worthwhile than this? Nothing, that's what.
spent 2 hours trying to bang zoe and she "blew my mind in a very different way"
Equal if not better compared to the base game.  The biggest selling point to this are the two new love interests, Calculester and Zoe. They immediately became my favorites both design- and personalitywise!!! They're precious. Some NPCs got fleshed out some more which is great and new ones were added, which I all enjoyed a bunch. Yes, even Leonard. Not that I agree with ANYTHING he says, but that's exactly what the writers were going for, so props to them. The new endings are fun, some being literal fourth wall breaks I spend hours to find (Not complaining tho!).  Definetly get this if you were a fan of the base game, Heck, get even if you didn't! Can you really say no to a nice robot boy and a geeky tentacle girl? Thought so.
It's $6 for more fun. It is vary good per unit of fun per cash money. One time I walked around Walmart with $6 with a buddy trying to find something to buy. This is like that but better and instead of Walmart it's a video game. ya like video games don't ya? Well here's a gooden (It's actually DLC but my point still stands.).
this dlc is even better than the base game! it's funnier, and even more charming than it already was. also I'm wholly in love with calculester. 🤖💗
zoe feet pics
there's a slayer ending 10/10
yes x2
A great DLC for an already great game, all the new (and returning) characters are wonderful and all the endings are simply amazing. I found Zoe's to personally be the best and most wholesome (at least one of them). Highly recommend if you love the base game and aren't a Leonard ;).
Honestly this DLC is excellent. For the price you are getting you get entirely new content, two new main romantic interests with a bunch of new secret endings. Zoe and Calculester are both great characters with interesting personalities that differentiate themselves from the main cast. The DLC keeps the same charm from the base game and only ups the ante, including some very hilarious, and sometimes meta, humour. If you love the first game this DLC is a must buy imo.   Plus I have friends in real life who so value the representation the game shows. Though it is really only involved in one event chain that has 3 events, out of all the new events added. All in all this is such a great DLC. Now the game just needs one more thing.  Let me punch Leonard in the face multiple times.
yo, it's really funny and cute and the art is superb as always!!!!! entirely worth it if you liked the base game imo
Absolutely fantastic.
The more Love interests the better!!!
Leonard is the pinnicale of comedy change my mind
Come for the tentacle waifu. Stay for when the characters go all Stanley Parable on you and try to escape.   10/10.
If you enjoyed the base game, this is more of the same.  Caculester provides good comedic contrast to everyone else, being a generally-nice roboperson. Zoe is just adorable and hilarious, fitting in perfectly with everyone else. The NPCs are all also awesome - lovingly-crafted to be lovable and/or loathable depending on the character.  Like the base game, the secret endings are always absurdist with touching moments scattered throughout. I won't spoil them, but the game can be quite heartwarming when it tries!
A wonderful game with lots of great representation. I got this dlc for 2 of my friends and we all had a great time Other then some typos the game is fun and handles its subject matter very well. The perfect game if you are LGBT+ if you ask me.
Really like the two new love interests, they fit in well with the rest of the cast. As a trans guy, it was really nice to see a trans character. (Zoe)
Who needs awkward valentine's day dates when you can be at home smoochin monsters with your homies!! I cannot begin to explain how much I adore this DLC! If you enjoy great writing and amazing characters you'll surely enjoy Second Term. If I had to rate this game I'd give it 10 eggplant emojis out of 10!!! That's a lot of eggplants!!
Good addition of content to an already good game, zoe and calc are great and i love the personal journeys they go through in their endings. All the new side characters are great (except leonard) and they added the ability to date a character i've wanted to date since day 1.
This is pure monster dating art and it's a good game to play with friends and pass the time.
This game is awesome! I love all the variety, love, and hard work that was put into it! The characters are amazing, the art is charming, and the many, many different options and events in the game allow you to spend hours entranced, I would definitely recommend this game to any fan of dating sims, monsters, or choice-based games, you won't run out of options anytime soon with the base game, and now even less with the new DLC!
This game has quickly become my new favorite game. I don't often try and go achievement hunting, or play games by myself, but this game is great both by yourself, and with friends!!!    And the second term DLC only brings more love for all your favorite characters from the first game, and more.  Zoe is a great addition to the cast and some of her plotlines really hit home for me, so, its great to see something like that in a game like this.
Zoe is best girl, and this is also a pretty good dlc.
Excellent DLC that adds exactly what it needs to. The devs do go a little heavier with politics than in the base game, but I enjoyed that. One of Zoe's secret routes wouldn't have been nearly as impactful had they not chosen to wade deeper into the political side of things - I think it was the right decision. The game still has its charm and humor, and the new characters all seem to fit right into the world. Excellent as always. The one issue I have with the DLC is the grammar. I've found line breaks where they shouldn't be, "it" hanging out in sentences where it has no place, stuff like that. This was an issue with the winter update, too, and I'd really like the devs to fix it. I do enjoy Monster Prom, but I don't think I could share it with others in this state.
Monster Prom but more of the same - which is just fine because if you're looking at a DLC for this game then it means you want more Monster Prom, and who wouldn't?   Adds a couple new romantic interests, a few more bizarre npcs, and a double handful of additional events.    As simple as this game is, it's near endless fun and I approve of anything that gives me more of this great title.  You should be looking for reasons to give this team more of your money - so here it is.  
Such a fun dlc, i love the new characters, especially Zoe, she is such a fangirl, i can relate.
super fun!!! there's a lot of new content and zoe&cal are super great additions to the 'main' cast of characters you can romance. i'm looking foward to getting all of the new secret endings and polaroids! however the one thing that i absolutely don't like is the new end credits song. i wish there was a way to have the new end credits w the old song. otherwise, totally recommend!
Yay even more monster prom events and characters! I love Calculester he’s so cute and innocent. I also love that one new love interest and one new side character is voiced by JackSepticEye
Worth it for Zoe alone.
Zoe won't go to the prom with me. 0/10 would buy again.
love it  
Worth 100% for Zoe, the eldritch bae
This is just what I wanted and MORE! Holy shit you really went all out again on MORE amazing writing and content! The new characters, fucking brilliant, the new NPC's, annoying as fuck and the script... left us in stitches. Sonic, Steven Universe, COCKTUS! Fucking hell give me a chance to breathe here! The humour is amazing, yet again! Zoe has always been my favourite, and dating her first time was just icing on the cake. 20/10 Buy it now! Share with friends, youtube it, stream it, review it, spread the word. This game needs to be shared. It needs to be known.  /rant YOU STILL NEED TO SELL ME THE PENGUIN MASK SO I CAN REVERSE ROMANIAN WILKINSON DAMMIT! /endrant
I've already been rejected by Zoe seven times (not even 24h after dlc release). I even named my character Diac just so i could date her but no... If you have monster prom this is definetly a good expansion! BUT, it relay heavily on you liking the characters in my opinion. I will try to charm Cal sometime (which my friend succeded with on first try) but Zoe is definetly my type of character!!! It seems to lack new routes though and I don't know if it's because I so heavily focused on Zoe, or because there actually is a lack of routes but it feels like it was much less repetitive when I played the original game. I'm gonna be able to memorize the events with her soon... Even so it's worth a buy if you A. like the new characters B. Like monster prom! If you havent bought the actual game yet...go go go!!
>Late on a Thursday Night. >Decides to get this and play through it. >Tries to Romance Calc. >Get turned down. 10/10 would get turned down by a computer again.
Omg Zoe is the cutest abomination in history. . .and then there Chad-ulestor . ..YES 20/10
ZOE IS TRANS
Enough new content to warrant several runs
Date the Eldritch Abomination? Yes please.   10/10
In its current state, there is a need for some grammatical correction with some of the scenarios, otherwise a delightful addition to the Monster Prom experience.
I've only done one route so far(, Zoe's route, no special ending and, I messed up a ton in the beginning due to one of my secondary stats being very low and, constantly coming up) but, I can tell I'm going to love the other one due to small talk from them coming up every now and, then... it's funny like the usual and, one of the NPCs who I thought I would love is a jerk and, seems like a big joke from Reddit(, r/hoosingbeggars or, r/niceguys anyone?) yet, I still love them for this as it's very well done making me laugh almost every time they come up and, every other NPC I've seen are just as funny, if you already like the base game this is something you might as well get, I have an official favorite female character now and, that was all just from one full game, for a while in the base game I've only had half of everything and, the rest I was either spoiled for such as secret endings or, realized I had to fail to get such as outcomes, I began looking at guides for this game a bit recently, everything was becoming the same, same conversation, same dialogue and, all that, I started trying to collect all the special polaroids by doing them normally or, through secret endings, guides and, no guides(, some of the things I would have to look at a guide to find out, a few of the secret endings are quite specific and, I'm not one to try things at random normally) I was spoiled for most of the Christmas endings except for one which I never got( simply due to RNG starting to bother me a lot at that point) with only one of the big special secret endings surprising me and, having my mouth agape at it but, even then I used a guide... when I heard a DLC was announced I didn't know who I was getting, all I knew were the NPCs and, I thought those were the new datable characters, I didn't keep up with the Second Term I just knew I was going to buy it when it finally came out I hopped on over to get and, was surprised to see two familiar faces, I wasn't upset or, anything just surprised, I've never been happier playing this as it feels fresh(, other than visiting locations which is totally fine by me since if I remember right the locations are made for a full game of different dialogue each turn)... this is worth it, if you already love the game's comedic charm with the added bonus of more NPCs which are just as amazing and, hilarious, keep in mind that's coming from someone who's only done one route so far but, I can't wait to do more!  Also, is it just me or, did the plant-haired monster appear in the picture with all the students before the Second Term, I've seen them before but, then they stopped appearing in the picture at first I thought I was wrong and, I just might've came across fanart at some point but, now that I see them, it's the same one... and, also I'm not sure if it's just the Second Term or, if it's always been there and, what not but, have the polaroids been updated because I'm loving them, they look more dynamic, they could've been updated but, some of them look new, I'm not sure if they're a completely new set of polaroids or, not but, they're great!
Absoluty FABULOUSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
calculester has always been my favorite character! thank you so much for making them a main love interest. this is the best valentine's day of my life
Really enjoy all the new characters and backstories that this DLC has introduced!!!
came for zoe, got zoe, satisfied  plus the extra characters are super cool too, worth my money!!
Monster Prom, but MORE.  The Second Term DLC opens up a new game mode called Second Term, giving you the choice to play Monster Prom classic for those who still want to see and collect all the original secrets, ending, and events; or see all of the new things this DLC has to offer.  Like with the base game, this DLC is every bit as funny, creative, and oddly sweet. It doesn't matter whether you want to play alone or with a group of friends, this expansion keeps the quality that Monster Prom introduced.   Honestly, the only possible thing I could say against it is that it was sad to see Mike Krol's "Fifteen Minutes" was no longer the ending theme, but how good or bad that is, is going to be highly subjective.   Overall, if you liked Monster Prom then there is no reason not to buy Second Term, even at full price.
Cute. Crazy. Disturbing. x2 What is there more to say?  Wait.... Adorable, very adorable (OMG ZOE) *Cough* Ahem.
This isn't really a review (the game's great IMO), but PLEASE LET ME DATE THE NARRATOR
FINALLY I AM ABBLE TO PLAY THIS MASTERPIECE
Purely amazing`
So....having Steam and being an adult with access, needs, and love for anime..... this is great! Compared to the trashware hentai out there (like silly still image puzzle games for dirt cheap that are just trying to cash in), if you are not really feeling it from RPG Maker style games then this is as high quality as I have seen in terms of 3D Adult games (on steam anyway).  Essentially Left for Dead with an adult theme, this game can be compared to the quality of cash grab games in the past when FPS was all the rage due to the super profit and popularity of Call of Duty. You know: bland environment, just ok and functional shooting that entertains enough for the time you actually need to get what we're all here for, and of course the healing mechanic of this game.   When on the verge of dying (or cause you have time and urge) you go up to and tell one of the three ladies "we/I/you need healing" or "I HAVE A MIGHTY NEED!!!" then start a mini rythm game while the other two fight off monsters cause you decided that giving your favorite girl a shield by plowing her in the middle of the later waves was a great idea rather than during the break between or early on.  Fear not, if you just want to see the action without starting a game every time, there is a gallery mode that unlocks after fully beating the game and your meat. It's about 4 hrs to beat the game and if you get a kick out of horde modes then you can get a decent amount of fun: planning where to hold off, what weapon works for you, and if all or some of the girls needs vitamin D or if they can hold this wave while checking if you yourself need some of that P. protein from your favorite girl (the healing mechanic works both ways).  Now then, the part people actually get turned off by...the censorship!!! OMG, censor!!! Do not buy!! Ugh!!  Calm your self, the censorship is basically a standard JP censor of mosaic. Truth be told, all it really does is make your dong look like a Tetris level in the shape of...well...your dong. The Japanese style censor just basically blurs it a bit. The ladies also have a similar censor below but that's cause their model doesn't have the enterance except for one (which is still hidden under a layer of the model if some online forum is to be delivered). If I read and interpreted posts on the web correctly, the game was upgraded from Unreal 3 to 4 that made it difficult to make changes to these models and thus the result of no 18+ patch. Again, THIS IS STILL A NON ISSUE IN THE LONG RUN!!! For the ladies the mosaic only applies below, thus the mamis are free and overall makes little difference since your character's dong will be in the way when doing adult actions with some exceptions.  Overall it's a decent time and would definitely recommend if 2D just isn't enough for you, especially over any cashgrab puzzle still image game for $1 and would urge a purchase when on sale if you are on the fence just because of the price.
Yikes, but great game, good story.
The sex scenes in this game is lewd and kinda funny as hell as zombies are coming from every directions....lmfao..... Game is repetitive and kinda wish the scenes are longer and not 10 seconds. Balance the animations and add variations to zombies would be good. Please give different voice from Kirara and the red hair girl (forgot her name). and update the character models so they dont look plastic and fake.   Overall, its a good experience but it gets bland easily.  BUY ON SALE. dont pay full price.
Before I get into this I want everyone who is thinking of buying this to look at the price. At full price its about $15? Considering that... Seed of the Dead is actually pretty well made. Even without the FPS the adult content fully makes up for the price. The 3d models have very distinct differences (though Aya's breast could of been a big bigger and had a tad more weight) and each girl has her own personality. The censoring was annoying but meh you can't have it all. Also the game is pretty short but you get access to all the adult scenes once you complete it.  I personally would like to see this story continued. Improve that combat, have specific locations for enemy spawns so they don't appear in front of you like ninja, and add a girl or two. Improve the character models a little ( nothing major... honestly i just want Aya's boobs to be slightly bigger... considering the price everything else waa fine)  The in game features are a lie. you really don't "date" anyone. there is no relationship building or "this girl like you more then this girl" mechanic. You bone them when you need to heal (yep even in the middle of battle) or when the story prompts you to at the end of a level. Anyone who gets refund on this doesn't understand the amount of effort and time it takes to make these games.
Wtf did i just play hahahahaha
*cough* *cough*... umm.. its a good game I'll leave it at that, I recommend to zombie and anime fans.
Nice
Repetitive game play, average cg, below average 3d model and handling  generic game, def not worth 15 bucks, get it on sale
Unique FPS where you heal through sexual intercourse with the 3 girls, even in the middle of battle. Cute girls with 3 different personalities. Story is passable to non-existent and you can just ignore it. Wish the video sequences were done in higher quality and resolution though.  Adults only! Advise is to buy during discount. Buy it if you like simulated sex, gore, violence.
this shit is hilariously bad
First person shooter with three hot anime chicks to keep you company in a Z infested world. The game takes a lot of inspiration of Left 4 Dead and combines that with Hentai actions. It's quite short, 3-4 hours to complete  I give it a 3 out of 5. Would have gotten a 4 If the genitals weren't censored.   Pros and Cons: Pros:  -Fun action which is easy to get in to. Shoot the Z-infested and finish the timer/waves to win. Go down to 0 hp or let one of the   girls get to 0 hp and let them get violated by a Z-infested to lose. The lower the girls health, the less clothes they have. -In order to save a downed girl, you need to have sex with them or finish the level(I count that as a pro, and it gets explained in game quite early) -Graphics are a bit clunky but not enough to be bad. The girls are not top quality drawing, but not bad either. -The story is quite simple but actually pretty well written and the translation is mostly good. -Besides the two mandatory weapons there are 9 weapons you can use throughout the game. They all function a bit differently too  Cons:  -Can't change mouse sensitivity (or at least I couldn't find the controls for it) -Game sound can be altered but the switch weapon and reload weapons sound doesn't seem to be affected. I recommend lowering the game volume in windows and increasing it in game. -Game mechanics are a bit stiff and takes a little while to get used too. -Girls AI tends to get stuck and a "hold this position" command would help a lot of levels -Translation is good but sex scenes don't have any translations at all. -Sex scenes models have censored genitals -Drawing is during sex scenes isn't top quality. Occasionally you can see censored genitals poke out of the female models abdomen  -No choice what so ever. Neither in the sex scenes or the story. Game play is fun, but would be even more fun with actual choices.  -Z-infested spawn on random spots on the levels, can even spawn next to you.   I'm sure there is more, and there is, but you will have to find that out while playing.  Have fun.
It's good, I guess
A lot better than I expected, it took me about 4 hours to complete it, the gameplay is simple  but fun, there is one original mechanic: the way you restore health, there is no reneration or medic packs, instead you have to get help from your female companions.  All the advertised features are included. There is the estandard pixelation of Japanese games but I don't think it's too problematic.    There is a galery mode so you can review any scene that you like.
This is is absolutely amazing. the graphics are great, the dialogue is good, the shooting could be improved, the sex scenes are great, the story is good, one of the best games i've played in awhile. The thing that would make this game even more fun/funny is if it was two player, where one of your friends play as the women while you play as the guy. It would be fun, and hilarious to play. Thank you developers for this wonderful game. And thank you steam for giving me the chance to play this game. My rating on this game is 8/10
Finally we have a doujin FPS and happy to say that it's pretty good,the gameplay is like that of Left 4 Dead games and to make things even more interesting this one has hentai as part of the gameplay,to heal,put your incapacitated teammates(which happen to be three cute anime girls) or heal them you have sex. There is also a very good varity of enemies and weapons,which you can pick up between waves and each level has unique objectives to keep things interesting. Lastly even though the graphic of the game is good it will run on a toaster if you put the settings on low.
This game is lit reminded me of Highschool of the dead anime though this is basically and literally h**tai but a good game.If you're alone at home or just by yourself keep in mind of your surroundings cause this game could kill the living dignity out of you. Overall would lewd the loli brat.  *Kirara's age is unknown * FBI: *hmmming*  Me:  *sweating* Edit All characters are 18 above Me: Yeeeesu!! FBI: This job suks
⠀
I think its not a bad game but i for one do not care much for the censorship! now if it has a add-on that gets rid of it it would be a little better imo !
We're all going to hell.
Very good game and helps with my crippling loneliness. I approve.
If you're feeling suicidal, you've come to the right place.   Stick around till chapter 8 to get the best comacum you will ever get
Had a blast playing this enjoyable, quirky, kinky game that will be a hit or miss for most. 3 heroines with classic persona's will enjoy some "quality" time with you in full cg action between the zombie wave game play. Its a far out hentai game that isn't meant to be taken too seriously just keep that in mind.
Only gripe i have is the shotgun. Its slighty off center and your hand isnt fully on the grip.
Bought this game because it was discounted. Didnt expect much but it was surprisingly a pretty good game only took me a couple hrs to beat it on easy dificulty controls are pretty good, nice variety of guns, and id say it has pretty good replayabillity. graphics were alright cg could have been better but its still better than allot of others ive seen. overall its a fun game i would say its a cross between left for dead and doom with hentai logic to it
Let's face it: it's a porn game. It's quick, it's not polished. It also doesn't particularly cater to a lot of fetishes.   what makes it worth the (currently discounted, as of writing this!) price is one thing:  it's bloody funny. Don't take it at all seriously, shoot a few ridiculous zombies, and laugh at everything. EVERYTHING. It'll take any bad day you have and at least inject some good humor into it.  And since videogames are supposed to be fun in the first place, this alone is enough for me to recommend it.  Also, do yourself a favor- hope for a sequel. With any luck it'll be just as funny.
Trash Cinema Afficionados and Anime Weirdos will feel right at home here. Still not as hot and steamy as Chaser from JoWood Studios.
Gunplay could use some work but overall a very entertaining game. This is a game where you kind of don't mind losing.
Highschool of The Dead Season 2 is lit af.
if you think the game is poor quality, that's mainly due to their low budget, but the whole idea is very interesting, if only this is legal to made into AA or AAA game, you have sex with the heroine to heal....WHY NOT?? support the developer, so that they can get a better female 3D models for better H-scene
I like that if can update more CG
No major differences so far from an old version I pirated some time back, aside from censoring, bug fixes and a translation for Act 8 (aside from the long cutscene, would be nice to see it having subs). It's still pretty good and a major breath of fresh air compared to other erotic games by virtue of its [i]animations[/i]. I hope there would be more content coming in the future, even though the devs are clearly focusing on its next game, an RPG.  Anyway don't be too bothered by the censoring, the models are generally low-detail/poly enough that you're not missing out much. It's still enough to [i]work with[/i], if you know what I mean. The death scenes aren't as gory as you might think due to the camera angle and the 3d model's simplicity. If you were too look at closely, it's more like picking a subselection in 3d modeling and hitting Delete with some visual effects.  [strike]Aya has the best "scenes" imho.[/strike]
It's a real first person SHOOTING game.  Though it is ok to play, I have to complain something: 1, what a terrible feeling I shoot all me bullets in a magazine. That's it, just like what I'm saying, the feeling is terrible. Reloading is slow and manual, and this action is unable to be interrupted for using grenade. Maybe a shorter refractory period is better. 2, when I'm aiming at target, my gun seems like to be fettered by a hole s.t. moving the direction is such a difficulty. I have to drop out from the aiming vision, change the direction and aim again. (PS: DO NOT PRESS SHIFT WHEN YOU HLODING RB, OR THE VISION WILL BE BLOCKED) 3, the guns are weak and enimies are strong. We need more power to killing more zombie, and the enimies have lower HP. In the hard mod, all I have to do are healing the girls, but I cannot save them, damn. 4, better models next time (or I won't be excited), brighter enviornment next time (or I'll be blind).
Good day Steam Runners, Please ignore all the negative commentaries.  This is the best game on Steam, Period.  (+) 1.  The interface is easy. 2. The graphic is up to date with graphic card version. 3. The H scene is clear, although there are some parts that would be more convenient if they weren't censored (But please keep complying with Steam rules as regulated, please only uncensor it once Steam and local government regulations allow it). 4. The heroine of zombie killing action mixed with zombie action on our teammates makes it even better. We need more games like this.  (-) 1. Please make more games like this. We need them, we have money.  I would support the developer of this game on making games like these in the future. I do buy.  Best Regards,  Steam User
I hate Zombie games, absolutely loathe them....  I adore this game!  The girls kick ass and then ...do other things as well that are even better.  Solid gunplay, aggressive mobs, unbelievably good healing method, you really have to see it to believe it. The music rocks, the combat is frenetic at times. I just got to a defend level where the three girls are...well let's just say occupied and leave it at that, and I got wasted, I was running around trying to defend all three and just became overwhelmed by the swarming mobs, frustrating, maddening, going to have to go back in and use more strategy I think...yeah...lob a grenade in, that ought to do it.  Pro's:  Looks good Sounds good Cute girls Decent gunplay Ok story Awesome healing method!  Con's:  Mobs look generic but really, its all about the girls so not that much of a con. No control guide (as of yet) but a tutorial section at the beginning helps.  (WASD to move, F to heal, 1234 or mousewheel to switch weapons {1 and 2 seem to be locked to melee and pistol 3 and 4 are interchangeable guns})  One final point though....when the girls get captured...well...I am just in two minds whether it is right to save them or not as they are having so much fun. The good, honest, decent part of me says that i should but then, the good, honest, decent part of me also says that I shouldn't be so mean and spoil their fun so...what do i do? I am so confused.
Left for Dead 3 looks weird guys.
What an awsome fap material, enjoyed wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy moreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee then Senran Kagura.
mindly sexy fun.  wish it was easier to save
Fucking to recover HP, that's unique, though in the later stage, you'll find troubles keeping track of everyone's HP since the numbers are so goddamned huge. (Well, you can fuck anytime in the battle, [you and the heroine still take damage, but they get recovered anyway, and free damage immunity for heroine for a shortwhile. so why the hell not... ust don't do it too much now, you pervert!])  No, the zombies drops nothing, you can only get ammo drops at every break (inbetween rounds), so use your arsenal well (Report the girls for hacking please LOL, they dont seem to run out, ever!)  Recommended that you save ye' ammo and use your secondary/melee weapons for the normal mobs.. you'll thank me when flooded by tanks. HAHAHA...
This is the best game you can spend $15 on its better then anyother games made better then halflife better then anythinf
Seed of the Dead is one of the strangest and most "adult" games I've played on Steam. It has an unbelievable amount of sexual content in it and it's WAY more graphic than most of the other stuff I've seen here. The writing is so raunchy I could barely read half of it when I did my playthrough and there are some glitches - mainly involving reloading your guns (especially the pistol). The reload animation likes to get stuck and the only way I have found to fix it is to walk up to one of the girls and initiate sexual contact. That seems to resolve the problem for some reason.   The good parts of the game are that it's a fairly competent shooter despite the issues. Most headshots do what they're supposed to do. The visual novel parts are mostly well done and the story actually isn't TOO terrible in most places. There are some places where it goes into such ridiculous lengths that it'll make your eyes roll but there's enough here to like to possibly enjoy your time with the game.   I'm going to go ahead and recommend it but only if you're into First person shooters and lots and lots of sex. If you're not ok with either of those things, I would stay far away from this game.   I've started uploading a series on Youtube if you'd like to check it out for yourselves and decide whether or not it's something you might like:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pI4e7MCiXQ&list=PL08FwntTpxPBLtkE60upE_Kv2Rbh8u_Yr
Game of the Year 2018 !! 100% Recommended !! (nothing else to say)
I mean come on, it's a game where you duck anime girls in the middle of a zombie apocalypse to recover HP, you aren't buying it for the gameplay.  If you want an actual review, imagine Left 4 Dead made on a budget on instant ramen, then replace all the protags with slightly plastic looking waifus, the add a button that lets you duck them after (or during) each round.  Sometimes you can duck them in an interactive scene where you control the camera, Sexy Beach style.  Sometimes there are VN style cutscenes with what I assume is plot.  The shooting is passable, the graphics are passable, the whole thing is the textbook definition of 'OK.'  6/10, I'd rather fap to Sexy Beach and play L4D.  For the price, it's worth it as a novelty, and to support Steam's acceptance of hentai waifu trash for a better tomorrow.
Really fantastic !! , and i need more like this game !!!!!!!!!!!!
Before this game somehow blows up due to chatter about its content and people buy it/gift it for the lulz, Imma try and beat out other reviews with some generic phrases about the game  "Everyday we stray further from god" "Needs two hands to play 0/10" "its ok" "it was a gift I swear" "Steam quality control is nonexistent" "Game too short"  Now for an actual review Seed of the Dead in essence is an Unreal asset flip with some "interesting" animations thrown into the mix. It also has in lieu of cutscenes, VN style text dumps which are used  to progress the narrative.  The main game is essentially just a wave shooter with the only thing making it stand out is the method used to heal yourself and your three AI companions. Which would be fine if the shooting didn't feel like hot garbage and the reload animations looked half decent. It is a very short game with only about 8 levels in total not including the "reward" scenes.  So not really worth the price. Or sale price.  Also a soundtrack this decent has no buisness being in a game like this.  But I'm still going to recommend this game solely because if Steam is going to allow something like this on its store that means maybe some higher quality adult games could also end up here
If you can ignore the horrible Animations from the guns and the enemies its actually alright. The music is really good though
For the time I spent on this I did enjoy myself. I mean I was more than a little uncomfortable and never have I ever wanted to not heal someone so badly. Pro tip, don't hip fire unless you want to make an umbrella pattern with your bullets. It was a good laugh though, so sure, give it a go. What's the worst that could happen? https://youtu.be/ZV2Sjm7KhxA
I really enjoy it...like really enjoy it
Seed of the Dead is the best game i have ever played! I would recommend this to evreyone it is nice, family friendly and has anime!  Absolutely would recommend this game 10/10
For a game at this price, its perfect Sure the models may not be ultra detailed, but the animation is actually quite good Maybe the fps gameplay really is just reskinning cs 1.6, but its fine it does what it does The fact I can keep banging the girls to give them a frontal shield and heal them is soooo hilarious The artwork is actually pretty decent Honestly if u ask for more for this price u are going too far  So....Is it fun to play? Yes, just buy it
I don't know man, i just don't know.
This silly game had no business being as entertaining as it turned out to be. The story is incredibly barebones, the shooting feels simplistic with most weapons having no punch and the graphics are nothing special. That said, I finished this game in one sitting on Hard mode and unironically had fun. Soundtrack was pretty banging too.  Sure, you have to be open minded about this kind of dubious content but it would be a lie if I didn't enjoy the 4 hours it lasted me. That's 4 hours including the Bonus level which I have yet to finish on Hard given how quickly you get rushed in the last few seconds of the timer.  Know what you are getting into before you download this one though, it's got interactive scenes of full on intercourse, a "forced coitus" mechanic used by the enemies and nudity in abundance (although genitals are still slightly pixelated). It's not for everyone but if you are not bothered by that or are even looking for it, I'll standby this one and say it's actually pretty fun for what it is.
fucky sucky!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Play this game and your balls will be dry, but your brain will need enema.
Has a lot of potential. Could be the best game ever if the controls are a little bit better and a multiplayer mode so we can play with friends :D
It was a pretty good game, maybe be a bit much for some people with all the "secxual content" but I still thought it was alright. The music was good and the story alright, i just wish it was a little longer and maybe had a slightly higher budget. All in all, neat short game with a lot of tattas
I only found 3 glitches: EMPTY GUN WON'T STOP SHOOTING but can be fix by tapping f on a girl or pause game (this happed wild i rapidly firing). The yellow hair GIRL I REVIVED WAS GRABBED AS IF SHE WAS DOWN after I free her the health was restored, but repeatedly did the getting off the floor animation until the round ended (this only happed once). In that same place and round the redhead I over healed (was not at full health) I COULD NO LONG PRESS F ON HER UNTIL SHE WENT DOWN.   weapon use are great, animation are great, sounds all a round are amazing
intreasting concept. Need mutiplayer support to make it last longer as it gets old quicly. for 12.24 CAD i say that its a bit to expensive.
This game is probably the most fun to play. I really liked the story and the missions my favorite has to be exploring the Hospital and the underground passage. It also might be a left 4 dead arody or at least inspired by it though the suddeness of the girls getting horny was off putting a little. You should make a sequal to this developer it has a lot of potential.
Better Than Left 4 Dead.
fun game i hope more get add to the game my fps 62 at all time good game look really good no hate needed
What's better than porn? Porn where you can listen to the Hotline Miami 2 Soundtrack and not have it feel out of place. Jerk off to this game!
this game is great but also buggy i will keep playing it when more content is added  i would love if there was mod support that would be fun
good game
The story is the first thing you see in this game. It's cliche with a lot of sexuality thrown it for good measure. In fact, the game has made sex such a central point that you have to do it if you want to heal or get buffs. Frankly, this sort of game usually puts me off. However, what sold it to me and kept me going until the end, was the old fashioned horde shooter feel. It's in a vein to Serious Sam style horde shooter, just with admittably less enemies.  Pros: Gameplay is servicable Artwork and models are good to decent The in-between level rewards are interactive enough to let you enjoy the scenes from any angle The death scenes are both erotic and nightmare fuel-ish CG Gallery and cutscene player after playing the game. HUD tells you what music is playing  Cons: The gameplay becomes repetitive near the end, mostly because the enemy variety is so lacking Story is extremely cliche and at times makes no sense. Character's personalities are one-dimensional One or more of the creator's clearly had a vore fetish, judging by the death scenes for Ayo.  Overall Ranking 5/10
better than i thought it would be. gameplay is sokay, good roalty free music and dumb plot and some good plOT. took so many screencaps had fun. 
Эй извращенцы! я вам тут кое что припас. Игра до жути кривая , так же она позаимствовала стилистику KF2, L4D2 и выглядит но очень криво но чтобы обидно не было вам в игре есть +18 Серьёзно! Можно взять Тянку по среди боя и трах"" её как следует =) после каждой главы вас будут наградждать +18 сценами так что извращенцам только на руку) Если вас не раздражает кривой шутан то тогда игра для вас XD
So i was sitting home alone at 1am und waited for Red Dead Redemption 2 to finish installing. (coping 83gb from disc to ps4 wtf?!) anyway, i bought this game because i was bored. I dont know why ppl compare this to L4D2. Saying this game is like L4D2, is like saying Highschool of the dead is like the Walking Dead. Anyway, RDR2 is now finnaly done installing and i forgot what my point of this review was....
yes this is censored. we can hope that there will be a patch soon. but this is a fun game for what it is. the ability  to watch the scenes over and over is great. i was not expecting  that. don't make up your mind just because of the mosaic. you will be missing out on a good game that has this much adult content.
It's fun, it's sexy, it's anime, and it's not a visual novel.  It is a bit short though but that's not a deal breaker. 9/10 would play again if more content is added.
This is it lads. Top of the food chain baby.
10/10 worth the money
love the game i hope there is more stuff comes to the game new guns more levels  its a good game but it needs more stuff
It's a fun and very stupid game, but quite entertaining. For the people complaining about the shooting, you need to fire in bursts, as it works a bit like counter strike. If you just hold the trigger down you won't be hitting anything due to the large amount of recoil.   There's a bit of censorship in the form of a mosaic at character crotches, but it isn't very distracting. This form of censor is common to all Japanese made hentai games and so I'm not sure why people are making such a big deal, it's to be expected in an actual Japanese made game.  Something else to note the game has a lot of content beyond the credits, so be sure to hit 'game start' after reaching the credits to continue for an additional several more chapters and a rather lengthy hentai animation.   Regarding the hentai action it serves multiple purposes as it heals yourself and the girl in question, but it also provides buffs in the form of shields from enemy damage. These are definitely required in the end game chapters where it will be throwing numerous tough monsters at the same time.
This game is meant as a adult FPS game which honestly is quite decent. In the game there are no healing items the method of healing is having sex with you party members at anytime. However though you can have sex anytime Zombies will still attack and try to kill you. The game has Censor blocks on the penis and vagina but overall it doesnt matter you can see 99.99% what they are doing.  Now I see comments people crying about no where does it say in the store page that zombies will try to sexually violate your party members BUT it does say it WITHIN the game itselt literally the 1st few screens tell you, you can have sex anytime and reviving party party members requires sex and that zombies will try to violate your party.   As far as the shooting goes its below average 4/10 sometimes it just feels like you are aiming and missing but thats not selling the point of the game the selling point is the sex because sex sells 8/10.  Overall I got this game for shitsngiggles but is quite decent for  $10.49 if it ever went cheaper I would say pick it up for the humor of it.  
Fun game with a basic story but I can see the developer put some time into getting a decent shoot and aim system built.  Fun 'healing' elements in battle A step forward into what games in the future could be like for a adult audience  Only complaints I have are at times your weapon glitches and wont work which you only need to pause and continue to fix and higher detail/quality in the graphics because I have a highend PC.
Note to self: Don't ever nuke a country twice.  P.S. My wife appreciates this game.
This game is proof that two nukes weren't enough.
This game left me overall pretty mixed as to whether it's a good game or not because of a few things.  https://youtu.be/gt8SBNs5ntg  Hentai wise it's good but shooter wise it falls apart on itself. The game feels like it's half finished with walls being walkthrough, a lack of flashlight, invisible walls instead of fencing, busted AI, no push back button and of course no grenade explosion sound.  Though it doesn't have friendly fire so that's a plus, I guess... Then again you can't shoot straight if you don't aim downsight  I was very close to leaving this as a negative review because of those issues on top of its themes and models being artistically inconsistent to one another HOWEVER hentai wise it's not bad. Have sex whenever you want with whoever you want with a dedicated button, being invincible during which and of course a love meter with pips and shit haha  Also there's a straight up sex minigame between levels which counts as a level which you can always go back to at the level select screen. Lets you pick camera focus and speed. Options are a bit lacking past that in both main gameplay and in sex scenes
[h1] BUG [/h1] I encounter a bug, the girls [b]never[/b] shoot. Anyone experienced this bug and know how to fix it? I'm just an immune, I can't protect all 3 of them at once :)
I was not expecting this game to be going on Steam. Weirdly the stand along version (outside of Steam) was less buggy then this version. Overall it is fun and if your into Hentai then this is for you.  But I would recommend to wait for patches as this version is playable but not to the same level as the stand alone version.
This games outta whack
Never know left 4 dead + Hentai could be a thing. It was short but i had fun with it. Although, the game could do a lot more polishing, the 3d model of the heroines is... well it's not bad but definitely doesn't look good. Changing weapon and throw grenade suck, you have to finish the last action before you try to do that, you have to finish reloading before you switch to another weapon or using the grenade. Weak ass melee weapon and pistol, no way to melee when you holding a gun,... etc.  Overall, The game can be much better, but the way it is right now is still enjoyable
I blame Gggmanlives for showing us this game!  My chinchin is magical :O  Also the game needs achivements and a co-op mode
My PP hurts now      I like it
Playing this game for a hour and i have to say it's fun. The story is different if you like hentai & lewd this is the game for you. The only draw back i have with this game is the reloading it's slow other then that the game is grade A.   P.S. try not to fap 🤤
Yes the gunplay is JUST passible, but you wouldn't be here if you were looking for a hardcore shooter (if you are, you are in the wrong neighborhood and might I suggest killing floor 2). What you are here for is the hentai and yes there is a bunch of it. It IS in mosaic, but it isn't so much that you cant see what is going on. I got it at 10 dollars which is about what I would pay for it (I would have liked it at 5 but I want to support indie devs when I can). The scenes are fully rendered and animated and the character models are actually really good. If you want hentai and don't mind a little bit of mosaic, I recommend. If you want a shooter, DEFINITELY look elswhere.
good game would recommend  multiplayer please i wanna fuck my friends
GG
I felt too much shame to not refund it.
tl;dr  It's a fun shooter with cute anime girls you can bang to heal both them and yourself, just like in RL.  Support the arts and pick it up :)
The game is a bit tricky to play with only one hand
You like kick ass music and killing zombies? You like attractive anime waifus that let you... take care of them? If you answered yes to both of those or even one of those, get the game. If not, move along, this game isn't for you. 
Best version of COD Zombies. The controls, response, graphics, and gameplay are superb. Definite must buy over COD Black Ops 4 and Battlefield V
Fun experience. I can see this becoming way better though. Models were bad, glad the mosaic spared us from seeing how those models look. Fun nonetheless.
RECOMMENDED AS A JOKE GAME - NOT A SERIOUS EXPERIENCE Absolutely hilarious for the first 2 hours but eventually it wears off and gets old I streamed this with friends and we had a good time, sometimes laughing to the point of tears early on Good for 2-5 hours but incredibly repetetive gameplay so the humour carries it  If you find it funny then it's worth the money, otherwise wait for sale or avoid completely  [list] [*]Gunplay is a more than a little awkward, but at least it's smooth and not jerky [*]Dialogue is actually awful but you find yourself thanking it for that, it doesn't take itself seriously [*]Sound design is beyond grim, the VAs are least awful though so at least there's that [*]There are like 4 or 5 different Zs, I grew especially fond of the ones we lovingly nicknamed the "Knob-Goblins" you see later on [*]the models and animations in combat are TERRIBLE, you hold the Moss front-grip with a broken wrist and quantum thumb for example. Zs ragdoll into low-orbit once you stop them from awkwardly ambling forwards [*]The H scenes are about at the quality you'd expect for this price... highlights being the comedic facial animations and the grimace inducing sounds [*] H ANIMATIONS ARE CENSORED - MOSAIC CROTCHES FOR ALL AT ALL TIMES [*]The "splurge" sound specifically made me feel physically uncomfortable every time. Perfect [/list]  This will be my joke stocking filler for now, bad rats and the like can take a year off 4/10   
"Too bad the shooting feels like hot farts."  If your shooting during this game isn't smooth, see a doctor.
This game pleasantly surprised me. For a hentai action game, it is very good. Although, don't get me wrong, it is quite rough around the edges with many bugs. But most hentai action games are RPGmaker junk, or bad side-scrollers, or image-gallery turn-based rpgs. Entirely unpolished and unexciting "action", as it all just focuses on the sex. Outside of that, the only other hentai games are visual novels.   This game gets my thumbs up and review because inbetween dialogue there is shooting game segments in the like of a simple Killing Floor. With different monsters that start appearing later. The sex that can be had during the shooting segments is also just a quick mini game. Not ment for fap time, but as a teaser. I like that. It keeps the action and the sex kind of separate.   Now we get to the delicious part: The sex scenes during the dialogue sections. 3D model animated sex and full control floating camera, definitely a winning combo. There is also a first-person point of view camera button, which in itself has a certain magic feeling to it. But at the same time, it's not perfect. The camera can clip into the models, making it weird sometimes. First-person camera needs to be smoothed out, it will go wild if you bring it down too much. There is a minor amount of clipping between the models. And under the mosaic censoring, the vagina is literally just missing from the models.
Very nice game.  I like it
Good voice acting, nicely done VN, basically Killing Floor with visual novel and H-scenes. Give it a shot.
wow i like this game this game will remove your stress hehehe
You can save the world by using watergun and protein made bullets.
This is hands down one of the most fun games I play in a while. I played it on hard mode all the way through and enjoy it all the way to the very end. I u love any girls with love making monsters then this the game for you!
If L4D, Killing Floor and Parasite in City had a threeway, this is probably what the offspring would look like.  The game has a few rough edges and bugs, but nothing truly game breaking. The gameplay is actually pretty good, and of course there's plenty of H content and the lewd healing mechanic really set this game apart. It is really one of the only titles in the sparse genre of 3D FPS H-games. Despite some rough edges, this is an impressive first game from an indie developer and not just a lazy excuse for a game carried only by H scenes. The soundtrack is also top notch.  Worth picking up if your interested in a hardcore lewd shooter, and I look forward to future releases from this developer.
interesting
Pretty good game even without the sex but it makes it even better u fuck to revive it's amazing.
Very gimmicky game. Imagine a very average, but reasonably well executed dumbed-down version of Killing Floor (wave-based FPS) with some NPC-fucking to restore HP during combat. On top there's short "interactive" hentai cutscenes after each act, but that's basically it. Gave me some giggles for sure but not more. 5/10
Being left as the one who has to play the healer was never that fun before.
It is what it says it is .. gotta respect that. 
I spent nine dollars on this, i'm disappointed in myself for buying this.... and enjoying it.  also this game really is bad it's a buggy mess, and seems like some assets were just thrown in.
You are a field medic in this game.
*1 hour later*  I don't feel so good.............
Wow! If this game was a higher budget game, then it would be a smash hit. Get it? It was a lot of fun for the price. No regrets! Go play it! It has a lot of ACTION if you catch my meaning ;)
I downloaded this game from sukebei a long time ago, but I decided to give something back to the devs for making me bust a fat nut a couple of times.
I got this game blindly without knowing why it was listed as "popular",  but I was pleasantly surprised.
Top notch game in terms of zombie hentai fps......but other than that, you may want to keep your doors shut when playing this game. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
So before I start my rant: I would say this game is worth it, certianly when on sale. The gun play is OK, as is the enemy varity. Though an big warning for you is that the game over scenes for the girls has adult content, but ends with them also getting killed rather brutally.  With that out the way I will start with the basic gameplay. Which is. . decent at least. You have four weapons slot (plus gernades) which the frist two slots are dedicated to an melee weapon and an pistol with unlimited ammo you can fall back on (which you will always start with). Slot three and four are for weapons you pick up through out the game, which once again there is an decent selection. You have an stronger pistol you can pick up, two types of SMGs, two types of Assult rifles, two types of shot guns, and two unquie weapons (One is an laser sword and the other is an energy blast weapon). Though while the selection is nice, there are some issues. SMGS and the second pistol seem to get phase out later in the game, leaving you with only the ARs, shotguns, and unqies. Which the recoil on the automatic weapons is so rough that you can't do substain fire. You can not swap weapons mid-reload animation, which can bug out if you are aiming down sights (making you go through it twice). Plus there is no pistol whip/rifle butt move, meaning you have to swap to your starting batt if enemies get too close.  Though moving onto Enemies there is roughly four types. Two types of basic zombies (the darker skin ones being stronger of course), an four legged beast that will charge and fire balls of energy at you, an burrowing worm that will spawn sucidial units, and an larger humaniod that acts as the enemy 'tank'. Which while it seems limited, there is just enough varity to fit the short story.  And well, the story is short. This verison having 8 'acts' or missions, each dotted with bouts of story telling in an visual novel style before the game play starts. The missions themselves are an mix of wave survial (5 waves), Defence, and make it to the objective. And each act ending with an Adult scene.  Which to start on that, the game does have moasic censoring of all parties's privates. May they be man, woman, or beast. And there is no 'patch' around it (not that I mind personally). Though the Adult content makes up an good corner stone of the game, and is woven in fairly well. During the mission you can get cozy with one of the three girls to heal them and yourself in a ryhtm base game. This also gives them an buff of an shield and applies an buff to the player. .  though for you end you'll need to get close mulitple times. The system is also use when one of the girl's go down, if you get to them you can heal with, while if the enemies get to said girl, it will begin an 'bleed out' that requires you to kill the enemy before the bar fills out. Though, looking at the CG gallery, there only two enemies that will do this: the zombies and the humaniod 'tank'. And if you fail to kill the monsters and save the girl in time, it will trigger an game over showing adult content. . . And then the girl getting killed rather brutally.  Though on an higher note, as I said earlier, each time you finish an 'act' you are rewarded an scene with one of the girls (2 scenes with the player for each, plus one with all the girls and player, and an bonus one featuring one of the girls trapped that doesn't seem to end brutally). Each of these 'rewards' play out linerally though, with the frist seven the player has control over an the camera and progression, and the last is more of an video. Which well, personally it is an shame you can't effect positions. Nor are any of these 'rewards' subtitle or dub over, which hurts the last one as the girl seems to take to herself an fair amount in the video.  But with that all said, I do hope that this game does well and that the bugs can be fixed over time. And as Eroge Japan and Team Krama's frist outing on steam, they have very much caught my attention and I am curious what they will release in the future
At first I thought this was gonna be another visual novel, hentai game but boy was I wrong.....well with the visual novel stuff.  As you probably know by now it's a FPS zombie game with a WHOLE BUNCH OF HENTAI!!!! So if you're into that sort of stuff then give it a try.  It's not worth the $15 base price it's asking for because it's pretty short but on a sale it's not that bad.
God has left..
I am about half-way through and i very satisfied with the game.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KS9yOSr_R0A&t=1s     Even if censored under the belt according japanese  law I would still recommend because it is still pretty hardcore. Each time you finish an act there is a sex scene. Combining my favorite genre and adult content was great idea. Gameplay wise you are in the presence of 3 female characters and in order to heal them and yourself well you need to do the act if you know what I mean while killing zombies. The game starts as a wave shooter then you can move around in different areas of the map in the next Act. There is also anime style storyline.  I am posting a non-restricted gamplay here and will post one for mature audience 18+ plus later on my channel.    Pros: - Storyline - Music - Adult content (even if lower body parts are censored) - Graphics (uses unreal engine)  Cons: - Not the best FPS in the world - AI is very scripted - Voices are in japenese only with subtitles.
tHIS GAME IS EVERYTHING i WANT. alL i WANT NOW IS MORE DLC AND MORE RPG ELEMENTS.   It's fucking amazing. Well worth the price. OMG. You fight, and the shooting hit detection needs a bit of work, but otherwise it gives me some Left for Dead mixed w Resident Evil vibes, but then you can have sex during combat, let enemy creatures have sex with allies during combat (which is wretched but its just a game people), and the icing on the cake is the awesome, 360 view, zoom-in/zoom-out sex scenes between battles. Fucking glorious. The dick and pussy models are blurred, but the tits aren't and theres an option to blur out the dude completely so all you see is the girls being fucked.  It's fucking excellent. $15 Fun. priceless sex scenes. Prtty hot girl models and the guy model isn't the sleeziest either.  WELL DONE DEVS. MMMMOOOOOOOOAAAAAAARRRRRRR......plz :-3
It's an adult rated game with sexual content in it, if you dont like them type of games dont play it. But as for the gameplay its pretty decent, games repetitive but itd worth its price. Just understand there is Gore and Murder during some of the scenes if you lose. (You can turn it off, hated that feature)
Better than Hentai Haven
Seed of the dead is a A-rated games for all ages , you play as a middle age man in a zombie filled world . In order to save the girls in your party you need to inseminate them whenever they get bitten which in almost in every half of a chapter , gameplay wise the gunplay is worst than csgo jump shooting while you're high besides that you need to play a rhythm game while fucking a girl to get their health and shield up , whenever one of your party member gets low they will be rape by the nearest zombie .This game is the reason why i didnt follow my family on their trip to China , overall a 9/11 would recommend to any kids or senior citizen .#2bombswasntenough
This is going to be a weird review.  I originally bought this game because I could not believe that it actually existed, and to be honest I still can't. If you want the tl;dr, play it, but don't buy it on steam. For whatever reason, the steam version crashed every single time I tried to boot the game. I couldn't even get passed the dev logo.  I found the game for $9.06($1.40 cheaper than steam) on DLsite and I purchased it there. They even include a free demo of the first level. I played it with friends watching and I had a surprisingly great time. Worth the $9 I paid for it without a doubt. For the game itself, it initially plays like a lower budget left for dead. You start with a blunt object(a bat I didn't use for the entire 7 level campaign) and a pistol that holds 15 shots and inifinte ammo. You don't find any new weapons in Level 1, but every level after the fact gets new weapons each wave. The core element of this game that sets it apart from other wave based shooters is that it has sex. There is no censorship outside of the japanese mandatory mosiac, but you get the whole deal.
Overall, I would say that this is exactly worth the price they are asking. The game is about 3 some hours long, playing on normal difficulty. The gunplay is decent, with an interesting variety of weapons. However, the sounds that accompany said weapons could be better.   I noticed that many of the assets in the game are from Unreal Engine's Asset Store. Normally I would get wary of this, but it seems that they blend well enough with the game as a whole. However, there are some moments when it becomes very obvious, and can be immersion breaking for some.   The combat can be a bit repetitive at times, but luckily, several different stages have different goals than the rest, or different factors playing a role, such as fight by yourself and find the rest of your teammates, etc. This helped add some more variety to the game, and kept it from becoming too stale.  Now the "fun time" part of this game is executed quite well, with all of it being in 3d, with a camera that the player can move around the scene. The variety of these "scenes" was quite nice as well.  Once you complete the game, you unlock a bonus stage, and a scene gallery viewer, which is also a plus.  However, I must point out that I played through the whole game without anyone dying, although it got close. When I went to the gallery, I noticed that they had prerendered scenes for when your allies die, which I'm assuming would play if your allies did actually die in game. Curious, I went and looked at these “death scenes”, and they portray your allies getting brutally killed by their foes after a "scene", which was quite shocking to me, as I did not expect it.   Except for the occasional audio or graphical glitch, I never encountered any game breaking bugs throughout my playthrough.   Story wise, I would say that the overall story and interaction between the characters is serviceable enough for this kind of game, given its short length as well, about 3 hours to complete the main story, for me at least.  In all, I believe that this game is definitely worth its asking price.  While the “death scenes” put me off a bit, the weapon sounds lacking, some occasional graphical bugs, and the assets sometimes not meshing well with the rest of the game, I would say that this game is quite adequate for an asking price of $15, as there is some fun to be had with this game, in more ways than one.
6/10
^-^/
Seems the same as the dlsite version so far, translation is really good too  Just completed it and some of the CG scenes are missing, the worm ones in particular, on the store page it says the game features "Momentary pregnancy", and that only happens in the worm cgs.. interesting that they warn about it then remove the content anyway  Still a great wholesome game, very educational
The game is good but need an uncensored patch, the possibility of having a workshop and be able to play it in 4K resolution.
[H1]Bronzed brazilian beach babes[/H1] Only 30 Minutes, but this is an entertaining compilation of beautiful beaches, mountains, skies and most imporantly ladies in swimsuits :) I play this sometimes for background entertainment at parties, or while "steaming & chilling" ;) -Max
Cool girls of Rio.
This is a very addictive and challenging game! I really like these kind of casual games and it has a very retro yet modern vibe to it. For a first version it is a descent game, but I am hoping that they will make an update soon to include some new obstacles and hopefully add some more levels or characters. This would be great to play against someone else! I highly recommend this game when you have several minutes to spare.
Simple  yet very addictive and fun to play. If you are into oldies challenging games this is the right game for you.
Fun game to pass time  Especially maybe "Party" game like hang out with friends and try to dare one another to get higher score
I like it, could use some improvements but for the price is good enough. Looking forward to new content, like new types of obstacles.
why did i bought this...
It is entertaining. You can get killed pretty cheaply but you can tell that you simply were in the right moment at the wrong place, like when you jump and a red spikes ball fall over you sending you to hell.   At first glance looks like a port of a mobile game, but the gameplay requires good mobility that you would not get with touch controllers on a mobile device. Super Mario vibes. Recommended and even more with the current discount.
Good little game, it has it's pros and cons, but it is worth the money for sure, specially with it's launch discount. Full review coming soon. One weird thing is that the game shows in your library as Colosio Run, instead of The Sky Climber, hopefully this will get addressed as it could confuse some players, but of course this doesn't affect the game experience. I'll also wait for the classic launch post before the full review.
I've been on a kick recently for games that explore intrigue, spycraft, that sort of thing. Heretic Operative is an unusual entry in that lineup, being fantasy themed, but I've actually been rather impressed with it. Thematically, you represent a concerned magic-user and their secret cabal, attempting to oppose the machinations of a sinister cult, in a world where magic is inherently corrupting. While a powerful tool, it *will* bring you to the dark side if you lean too heavily upon it, and furthermore must be kept secret, as the church that runs the area has no interest in allowing insane arcanists to fester.  Clearly inspired by Arkham Horror and similar board games, it very much feels like one, but offers bevies of options in ways that would be a real pain to implement physically. While there's only a single map, mastering it and the oppourtunities it presents are critical. Play is varied in setup by giving you options on your starting character, the cult you're attempting to oppose, and the storyline for the game (basically what milestones you'll need to achieve to win the game). All three make some pretty huge differences in gameplay, as there's enough mechanics to offer a lot of options to tinker with but in my opinion manages to avoid subsystem hell.  It's also a very difficult game. Not every character/cult/arc combo is necessarily going to be very viable, and even when they are it's going to take some thought, experimentation, and familiarity with the map to pull off. I actually have some concerns that magic might be a little *too* punishing at the moment, with corruption being too rapid and thus more physical characters backed by bands of mercenaries feel like a generally safer bet. Even still, I feel like that could be addressed with some fairly minor tweaks, and the game seems to be in active support. It's a fun title for a few hours at least, a real thinker.
For the price, Heretic Operative is hours of fun. It's quick, there are a huge number of permutations, and it has a great, self-contained world. You do have to go into it with the right attitude - think of board games like Arkham Horror or Mansions of Madness where you are really up against huge odds and sometimes, a bad roll will kill everyone no matter how good your plan is. If you like those games and that concept, you will love Heretic Operative - it captures the dynamic perfectly. Like Arkham Horror the underlying map does not change so the replay value comes from trying out different combinations of heroes, enemies, and quests and you can get a lot of run time out of those combos.  In short, huge amounts of fun and priced to move. Totally recommend for Lovecraft fans and anyone else into the eldritch horror genre!
Digital Boardgames are a bit of an odd genre. As a fan of both physical board games and digital strategy games I've struggled to grasp the hybrid. Why represent a complex strategy game with cards and dice rolls when you don't have to, especially if your game doesn't have a physical equivalency.  Enter Heretic Operative. The description reads "Inspired by games like Pandemic, Arkham Horror, and Talisman" and that was a big selling point for me. Having recently become an obssessive for the Arkham Horror card game, I knew what this meant for the game in general - action-point, narrative driven "built to probably kill you" by design. Great.  What I hadn't considered is the wealth of content and the sheer convenience of playing a game like Arkham in digital format. Heretic Operative is extremely "teachable" as a game because it takes a lot of well-tread concepts from its contemporaries. I don't remember the last game this complex that was so easy to pick up, and definitely uses its commonground to get you on board quickly.  I can't speak from experience how accessible Heretic Operative may be for an outsider to the legacy game genre, but in terms of convenience this is a great introduction to the genre and a great game to play in general.
This sure looked like a game I would like, and I was not wrong.  Approach this as you would a roguelike - the rules are sparsely explained, and you will die a lot until you figure things out.  (Even after you figure things out, you will still die a lot.)  When you are first playing and learning, it is easy to think of the game as "cheap", and your fate decided by the whims of chance, but this is not true.  Like any good roguelike, there are steps you can take to get the engine rolling, and paths that are optimal - and suboptimal - in various situations.  Bad dice rolls will mean failure and death - but good strategy will often be enough to overcome failure.  It won't feel this way to you early, but persevere and you'll figure it out.  Hopefully there is DLC with more scenarios forthcoming, or maybe expansions!  It's a great little game.
One of the best "digital" board games on steam. Highly recommend if you like solo boardgames in real life but wished all set up time and rule enforcing and so on would be automated.
A fascinating game. It really does play like a board game- in that turns are a valuable resource, and the game is pressing for you to either win or lose in a specific timeframe. The fluff of the game is cool, as is the way it intersects with the mechanics- like the fact that Tranquility means that it's technically possible to use magic responsibly, but difficult. That said, if you try to play it like a 'builder' game, you'll get your ass handed to you- you have to keep making progress on the thing that actually makes you win.
Bloody loved this. Good flavour, nice tight design, some really clever narrative effects in the mechanics (Curious + Openminded => reduces Tranquillity? brilliant).  I can't decide whether some setup mixes are too punishing or whether I'm just not good enough at it, and it's not that big a game, but it's well worth your time and money. New content coming soon, too, apparently
DO NOT BUY, wanderer! Move along. Buying and playing this game won't make any sense. There is an old and checked way. People buy sh*t, play sh*t, complain about sh*t and lootboxes on forums and yotube. Again, and again, and again. So playing such games should be considered as sociopathic behavior and undermining the very core principles established by great Vaas gamedesigner in some galaxy far, far away. Well, you was warned.
Heretic Operative is worth a buy if you like Pandemic, Arkham Horror, or Talisman and are looking for a solo digital board game. The tutorial is non-existent, and the game is very hard, but when you do win a scenario, it's very satisfying.  Would love to see more games like this from C Prompt Games.
Great mechanics, progression and it's fun! Don't play many board games but I like the short game structure that escalates quickly and forces you to prioritise and spend wisely.
An enjoyable game that offers a fun challenge. I was bouncing off of it a bit more until I took the time to pay attention to my enemies and try to adapt my strategies to their strengths and weaknesses. The strategic nature of the game is enjoyable enough that the one thing I'd like to see is a more open-ended scenario/campaign and a much larger map. The core gameplay loop and lore of the game would lend itself well to that.
I really like this game. It almost feels like a board game version of darkest dungeon. The game can be difficult but it is a truly enjoyable experience.
A mechanically novel game that is great fun for the price point.  Not amazing graphics, but it feels like a very good port of a tabletop card game.
This is a little gem. Simple, board game-like graphics are misleading. I now realise a lot of effort and thought has gone into this game and its mechanics.  For example, having 2 actions in total per turn, no matter how many operatives you have, avoids late-game micro-management hell. Every turn I was carefully considering my options, not playing on "auto-pilot" by following a set strategy.  There is only 1 map, which might seem limited. However, understanding what each location does is key to doing well. Better to have fixed locations which are well thought out and unique, in my opinion. Keeping the map small avoids wasting time moving around, so more time is spent on making interesting decisions. However, I do feel a bit of variety in how the locations are arranged would be nice, like Arkham Horror 3 board game.  There are minor things that annoy me like: - shared inventory across all characters, which I feel spoils the immersion of the game. - not being able to kill your former operative once they go mad  Though I guess these are mitigated by: - avoiding micro-management of character inventories - having your insane former operative stay in the same location  I've noticed 1 bug in 6 hours played, not game breaking (Scroll of Prophecy item didn't work).  Overall I'd recommend it only if you want to try something different, and like making thoughtful decisions each turn.
Fun text based/card style game, a lot based on RNG and rolls but really unique and fun to play if you want something to take up a little time or a lot if you have it.
Great management game. Bit of a learning curse with a tutorial that only really covers the controls. Only really 5 quests, but the different cults give the game replayablity. Unfortunately while the indivisual games are fun it does force you to replay quests the unlock the new ones to make the game longer. Hard game btw.
It's a resource management game that rolls dices.
This is a brilliant concept smoothly and modestly delivered. One could wish more maps, hotseat mode, rpg like campain with developing skills of the major operative, a randomly generated map.
While the tutorial is a bit lacking this is still a pretty good game.
Good, but pretty simple and leans heavily on RNG. RNG is significant enough that you can do everything right and get your ass beat, or everything wrong and win effortlessly. Some of the RNG values are very, very frustrating, and many monsters just throw away certain dice on certain rolls which adds even further to the RNG (undead throw away all threes, which makes earth magic literally useless against them for some reason since earth magic only rolls threes, lesser abominations throw away all fives and sixes on arcane dice which makes it a real RNG slogfest, etc). Not all that deep once you know what you're doing, but still fun enough.
If you love games like Pandemic or Arkham Horror, you'll definitely enjoy Heretic Operative.  All of the fun, none of the setup!  Easy to keep going for "one more round".
All the fun of a great fantasy board game with none of the setup time. The core mechanics are easy to pick up, with the mouse-over help text being an on-demand rulebook. The cultist hunter theme gives the whole game a very distinct feel that reminds me of the Arkham Horror boardgame. Researching spells from decrepit tomes is a particularly atmospheric mechanic. Now make an iPad version please!
Remember That Which Sleeps?  Yea. This is the little brother.   And unlike his deadbeat no-show older bro, Heretic Operative actually exists.
Fun game. It basically throws challenges at you (which you can pick before the game starts), which you in turn master with a hero of your choice, and the use of spells or items. Some of these operatives are better suited to a specific challenge than others.  You get to pick one of these heroes or so called operatives before the game starts, but there are many more on the playing field, waiting to be picked up by you as you play.  The real fun in this game lies in figuring out a long-term plan on how to beat the challenges. Even the same scenario can play out vastly different depending on the character you pick. After picking some of the easy mode constellations (for example, one requires you to have two of the resource "lore". There is a hero that generates lore just like that, i.e. auto-win), I voluntarily chose some combinations that I knew would be hard to beat.  For anyone struggling with the game initially, I recommend picking an easy scenario and travel to all the locations, memorize what kind of people can be recruited where, wait a few turns on these fields to get a feeling for the adventure cards in these locations etc.  It took me an hour or two at most, and after that I already had a pretty good grasp of what I could get where, and how I am going to use that in a long-term strategy.  Some tips: 1. You appear to always start with a random spellbook. Use it at your earliest convenience. 2. Spending a few turns in the Museum District will eventually unlock two shops: One for spellbooks, and another for rare items. Both are invaluable, especially if RNGeezus mocks you with a blood magic spellbook on startup. 3. Spending a few turns in the Elven District, you eventually get several events that allow you to "befriend" the elves. That has no immediate effect. AFTER they are befriended though, there are - several - different events that can permanently increase the "arcane" stat 4. Easily overlooked, right in the starting location, the hideout, there is a recruitable named "mentor", who grants a chance to raise the tranquility stat. You should foster at least one "high-sanity" mage for almost every challenge. 5. Tool Tips, there are a lot of them, and taking the time to read them makes a world of a difference.  6. In the Harbor District, you will more often than not get the opportunity to get a rare item for a real low price. A few of these rares are real game changers.  Given some patience, you will figure out more of these as you go, and will eventually realize that you can exploit the playing field in whichever way you want once you figured out how and where. 
good casual game
Fun game, plays like a mix between HoMM3/4 and Arkham Horror. Recommended
Fun boardgame/RPG hybrid game. The different combinations of story/goal decks and enemy cult types give a lot of replayability. Difficulty is pretty tightly tuned so it takes some thinking to find the right set of actions to succeed. I strongly recommend reading the series of blog posts on game mechanics on the game web site; it makes a lot of the choices more clear.
I've only played it for a bit, but it has a very strong tabletop vibe to the game, but from people who are very passionate and knowledgeable about the world of TT gaming.  It has some puzzle elements and there's definitely some math involved with making sure you use your movement and action points optimally, but overall a really fun game.  The art style is solid and consistent, the rules are good and the mechanics are a tool-tip away.  Give it a shot, it's a lot of fun.
Neat boardgame style of RPG with a hint of rogue-like mixed in.    The combat could use either a better tutorial or clearer explanation.  There's a lot of data and systems thrown at you right off the bat but it does make sense as you play more of it and get a sense of how everything links together.
A many-layered digital board game with lots of interesting game mechanics. Quick play sessions (30 mins) make this easy to pick up and play, but I feel like there is a lot of depth to master!
[h1]I wouldn't give this game a thumb down but I also can't give it a 100% recommendation, see this review as a neutral one[/h1]   + Nice background pictures + Fun little gameplay ( IF it works )  and here is the IF this game has some gamebreaking bugs that that you mostly will come across  - It can happen that the bubbles don't bounce into the frame  (if you have 2 or more monitors with different solutions try unplugg the rest while playing,  change from fullscreen to windowed mode)  - Lv 16 is unplayable (for me) because the bubbles get stuck in a separate frame in the Level ( workaround is that you simply click on the locked Lv. 17 it will normaly start and be playable) (I don't know why, I just discovered it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ) Lv. 16 Background will still be added to the gallery and will count for the achievement  I also strongly recommend a gamepad because the Keyboard bindings are bad placed (for european keyboards)  I love HeHe Productions privious game Gothicc Breaker, but this game is not as good in comparison.
Pang and bang is a arcade game, I like a lot the sound effects, for some reason I didn't find a way to play it in fullscreen, there is no enemies in that game, only the projectiles, you destroy all the projectiles to win the game.  +amazing backgrounds +beautiful levels +awesome unlockables  10/10
The art is rather nice, but beneath that lies a solid, strait forward retro-style shooter that provides a fun challenge, although it can get rather chaotic in later levels, with may require a bit of patience and luck. If the art is to your taste and you enjoy old school gameplay, then give this one a go, especially if you catch it during a sale.
Pictures are great starting at around level 5 or 6.  The ones with towels: there's a dong in there. Took me a while to figure out what they were going for.
[url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/32482033/]Crim's Humble Opinion Curator[/url]  [h1]Good Lewd Tribute[/h1] Pang and Bang pays homage to the classic Pang games also known as Buster Bros. You play as a monkey with a hookshot. You have a goal on each of the stages to pop all the bubbles that bounce around the screen without getting hit. It's a fairly simple to understand game mechanic but it can be pretty difficult. Depending on the color of the ball you may have to hit it multiple times. There were a few times where I would just take a break to try to come back to the end levels later. Luckily there are also some power ups that you can pick up that will help you through the stages. Another great thing is that bubbles do no have to hit the hook to break; they also break from hitting the rope. The art is very similar to the developers other game Gothicc Breaker.    This is fun, simple, and yet difficult. I personally preferred and was more entertained by the studios other game Gothicc Breaker; but this is a decent one to pick up. You can get around an hour of gameplay out of it depending on your skill for a complete run. Worth the check out for quick enjoyment.
Fun game , it looks easy but its a real challenge!
Short and sweet. It's difficult to play with one hand tho
Wow, after seeing a small group saying they really liked it I had to go hands on. I'm so happy I did and I actually played it all in one sitting. This game is rad. Yes, it's a lewd game but easily one of the better ones out there.  https://youtu.be/f_Nwua5sI30
This is a really fun game to play, I have no problems with it. The price is right, the gameplay is solid, and the lovely eye candy is fun to look at. 👍🏾
I loved playing the original game when I was a kid. Thank you for making a good adult version of it. I had a lot of fun and the art is good. There are some minor bugs that show up, but they aren't major. I look forward to seeing any other games you make in the future!
i beat the game and beat my meat at the same time. this is by far the most efficient way to yeet your meat. 10/10.
⭐⭐⭐⭐
A very fun little game which is surprisingly difficult. It offers up a large variety of powerups and abilities for the player to combine in whatever they please. Playing this game for too long in one sitting will result in some serious wrist pain so be warned. But overall a fun game both in design and gameplay.
Quite an addictive game! Great to kill the time for a good 40min.
An excellent addictive clicker game. I use it for practicing my click speed & accuracy!
I loved this game on moblie and I'm so glad it got ported on to PC. I feel like this game has a lot of potential and a very bright future as long as you (mayoninja) stay focused on making updates and don't disappear again. Some possible suggetions for future updates: A more simpler way to play online (without opening your port or whatever), a level editor (I pretty sure everyone wants an editor!), and a more complex crafting system (it's very basic but could be cooler). Anyway keep going man, I'll be here through the whole lifespan of the game!
Fantastic game!  It's a simple zombie survival game where you rack up points from kills to spend on weapons, doors, and powerups. There's a lot of variety when it comes to zombie types and weapons. Each map also has puzzles and a boss to defeat at some point, which gives the game more depth other than "just survive". After each game, you gain skill points to upgrade your character and shop points to spend on character skins.  I loved the game on mobile, and I love it on pc. I can't wait to see what else you add to the game.
Right away I would like to say, this has so much love put into the tact and feel. One can fall in love with perfecting the control they have over the player over the course of the game. With time trials I'm the kind to obsess over making it under, but for this I feel it's best to carry through, and pick up on the intricacies of the player mechanic and go back. I've restrained the urge and had a lot of fun picking up on technique from the levels themselves throughout my play.  I consider it rapid golf, with area correction (based on skill of control on the character's big head). A flippy-floppy noodle simulator.  100% recommend this game, especially at it's low asking price. There's loving depth to it's simple design, with a beautiful learning curve.  Also the visual veil layered on top of it is hilarious.
Its a fun, simple, polished little game where what you see is what you get. It's made by the same guy as Mount your Friends and Mount your Friends 3D and the similarities are obvious like the non traditional platforming and character design. I've been spending a fair amount of time with the game while listening to streams or podcasts which it has been perfect for. Bound Up & Squirming has offered me strong simple gameplay mechanics and fair challenge I'll probably play it all the way through which has become more of a rarity with the large amount of games being released every month. If you have Mount your Friends 3D you should have automatically gotten a coupon for the game that takes off a dollar or so to the games already small price point. The game is far beyond worth the price of admission especially since it's $5.69 Canadian. Check it out if you want something simple and fun to play while consuming other entertainment or are interested in weird platformers.
Absolutely adore this game. Can't believe it hasn't become more popular. I've made it through the first 20 levels up to this point, but want to see it the whole way through. Love the aesthetic, soundtrack, design, the odd vibes -- everything.  https://youtu.be/TRf9QRSKkRk
Very fun! Similar in tone and feel to Mount Your Friends (which is my all-time favorite party game to play with friends, and I also highly recommend) by the same developer
I was BOUND to like this one.
If you ever read or hear someone saying this game is relaxing, cut them from your life, they are not your frends. This game is amazing in so many ways, its fun, exruciatingly hard, rage inducing and will make you want to smash your controller so hard into your wall that you have to go ask your neighbour to get it back. Im so angry right now, but i know ill be back to finish it once my blood preassure is more stable. Grab the game, its worth the money. If i had to compare it to a different game, i would say Dark Souls. Brb, gotta get my controller back.
If you didn't like the spring mushroom in Mario Galaxy, you probably won't like this game unless you really like seeing Wallace & Gromit characters in eternal anguish.
Worth every cent!
Its okay game, nice little mechanics but its get pretty repetitive after level 9 but what can you expect from a cheap indie game
I'd like to imagine that this was an actual acid trip that the employees of Stegersaurus had.
Good follow up to the classic Mount Your Friends. It's a bit of a mini game, but it's worth the price.
This game is sick but funny :) I don't know why I bought it but I'll keep it in my library :) Anyway it's still better than surrounding environment with wars, politicians and hatred :D .... --> ergo: [b]just give it a try![/b] :) 
Childish I know, but this game is total nostalgia for me... Spongebob Battle For Bikini Bottom. Have you ever played it? This game reminds me of the platforming sections in that game where you roll around as the ball version of Spongebob. Totally buy this game whether or not you played SBFBB before! It's almost like a relaxing more 3D version of BLOXORZ if you've ever played that flash game before because you have control of the main camera so you can look around and things like that. There's more than that though, there's also cute aesthetically pleasing AI characters that will hop around randomly. Simple and i'll give you if you say so, 'dumb', but not a bad dumb. No, it's like a funny type of dumb : ) I say buy. I mean, it's a cheap game. If I'm willing to buy $200+ pants, $4-5 should be nothing to me nor anyone else so just support this game's dev.
This one makes me laugh and get very angry.   
horny game
Frustratingly pleasant. It's a pretty simple game that takes a lot of practice to master and complete. I look forward to squirming for many more hours!
I bought this game just so i can be the first to review it, and all i can say is that it's a game, and I have reviewed it.
I was sceptical when I first set eyes on Way Down but after watching the trailer it looked like a lot of fun and it is. The graphics are not great but the gameplay is and the attention to detail is awesome. Bullet cases fly out of your gun, empty magazines are left strewn all over the floor as you reload, lights smash, barrels explode and your enemies are cut to ribbons are you battle your way to the next level.  On the way you can choose to recruit or rescue any captives you find. Recruiting them brings them into your squad and they follow you throuigh the game fighting the enemy with you. They also each have a special skill.  The levels themselves are procedurally generated and although not very varied are fairly challenging. Each level has a boss towards the end, the ones I've faced so far haven't been that tough.  Once you die, you return to your base where you can upgrade skills, recruits and craft weapons with the money you've found playing the game.  The game does have a couple of bugs, If you leave the home level with a UI window open it stays open on the main game and you can't shoot until you close it. I also managed to crash the game by accidently entering the first dungeon with the bank UI open but I'm, sure the developer will look into these minor bugs.  All in all, a fun game only really brought down by the graphics. 8/10. well worth the price.
Very basic, but very nice indie top down shooter game. Yeah, graphic have little...mixed terrible and nice (What I talking about...). And that soundtrack hear like 90's early game soundtrack, very basic and lovely. My mainly focused on arsenal, this game have nice weapon detail, can see the mag or clip on the ground when you reload done, also they added some their designed sci-fi weapons (Like Koroak 45, that is can't found it on history, this game said it is prototype Russia assault rifle.) Boss is no too hard, very easy, but still need careful play with them. At last, this is very basic and fun's indie game, that price is worth.
Yep, this is Goof Troop  2.0. Yes, it is awesome.
Honk honk and clean up your act
THis volume cleansed my soul and heart from all impurities of a burdened life 14/10 better than expected!
I adopted a baby clown boy into my heart and so should you!!
A lot of people say Marsti's a basic bitch, but I do like her. She's just going through so much. Karako though... Little clown friend. :o( Someone give him a hug.
This was so interesting -- this worldbuilding, whoa!!  [spoiler]It was really neat seeing the clown afterlife??? That bit in particular I was really invested in, and...  Oh no, Karako. D:  poor kid...!!![/spoiler]
Marsti > Karako
I gotta be real this chapter was... not as good. I feel like it messes with the pre-established lore of homestuck.  - (MAJOR SPOILERS FOR CHAPTER AND HOMESTUCK BELOW) - For starters, Karako. He is absolutely adorable, but the ending where he dies doesn't really make sense. The Dark Carnival was a fabrication made by Doc Scratch to get the purplebloods to further Lord English's goals. Washington D.C. was briefly renamed Dark Circus in the Alpha-kid timeline, and Vriska and Meenah eventually wandered into a dream bubble OF a carnival that they mused mighta been the place, but they almost immediately realize that's probably not the case and it's just some rando abandoned carnival (with a tatoo parlor). I mean yeah it was kinda funny but... eh.   Secondly, It's weird that sea-dwellers are that strong. It's been stated before that Equis's strength is relatively unique to him. But the writing repeats at least 3 times in the space of maybe 5 minutes, "Damn, they're so tough." One guy literally get's gored by some sort of little shop of horrors plant knock-off and he just walks it off. It retroactively claims Polypa told you they were tough but, in her chapter, it was pretty implied that she just snuck up and ganked a guy, and any difficulty was in that sea-dwellers are well guarded and influential VIP's. Feferi got shot clean through and she DIED, and she's higher on the hemospectrum than they are. Granted it was a little different but... still.  Finally Marsti. I just... do not get what they're going for. She seems to imply she just cleans to clean but the second she sees Folykl it's like she's almost turned on. She seems genuinely fed up with you and your lack of awareness all the way to the end of the "good" route but is suddenly smiling with you like you're pals anyways. It almost feels like it's treating you as borderline unintentionally racist to lowbloods based off of assumptions you make so yeah, guilt-tripping. Fun.  The character designs and songs were great, as were the backgrounds. As far as art goes this chapter did maintain the quality. And, granted, I get the adventures of the MSPA reader are absolutely non-canon, and friendsim is here to tide the fanbase over until the next installment of the main game, but I was always under the impression the worldbuilding was accurate. Like everyone interested in the deeper dynamics of Alternian culture could finally get a peak. It feels like either  A- This is newly developed canon and we have to live with it, or  B-  I'm overthinking it. Which judging by the size of this review is quite possibly the case but we're 14 volumes in and this is the first hint of acanonness I've noticed.  Still eagerly awaiting the next one but coming off the last installment this chapter was a bit of a let down.
he small honk got me heart
With each volume the Friendsims dig deeper into alternia's lore, the narrative becomes more itneresting, more of its darkness is touched, and more and more questions are asked about the individual whom we are experiencing this series  through. And the question of whether or not this is as loosely canonical to the main game becomes ever harder to answer. Along with how the bleeding hell has the cullbait sunova bitch survived this world XD
i havent even played it and i love smol honky baby
You guys should know that any volume of the Friend Sim is pretty much recommended on principle at this point.  Karako I see has stollen people's hearts, at least on Tumblr. He's a smol clown boi everyone want to protec. I enjoy the deeper lore-realizations for both purple-bloods and the MC while exploring this character the most. And also, I tend to just find it very creative for a mute (or mostly-so, but way of Groot but with honks) character to express different ways to communicate.   Marsti I felt was just very... average, and awkward. I think I found graffitti of a tentabulge, so there's that.
"You're filthy." It was in this moment that I realized I was hot for the janitor, in the lesbian kind of way. Also, clown kid is cool kid.  10/10
I only met Karako today but if anything happens to him, I'd kill everyone in this room including myself
Pay $0.99 for an existential crisis beacuse of clowns.
honk.
Really Nice game my personal favorite
So first review. I really enjoy the game. It reminded me of the Nintendo version of Nobunaga's Ambition. Loved that part wish it was a little more strategic or a little more squad based. Overall i give the game 6.5/10. Once i finish the game if i change my mind on anything i will update.
It's a Sengoku Rance rip-off but with much more frustrating and confused gameplay, super grindy, no variety of commander's abilities, thankfully someone invented cheat engine, so in term of gameplay, i wouldn't recommend this game. BUT, in term of the amount of h-scenes, and the quality of the art, i'd say it's the reason that save the game for me as well as the dev's support post released
I was originally concerned about the replaced artworks for Takeda Shingen and Liberty, but after some clarifications from the developer and exchanged emails, I can say there was no ill-intention behind that. It was all for the sake of improving the game and its artwork. https://steamcommunity.com/games/959350/announcements/detail/3276835920653461108 https://steamcommunity.com/games/959350/announcements/detail/3276835920661409032 I can also say that the new artworks are quite good (not subpar at all) and no different from the latest DLSite version.  As for the game itself, I can say that I really enjoyed it and that's coming from someone who hates tactical games because they're usually slow paced, require lots of thinking and patience, but not this one. The game's rather intuitive, you don't need to be a pro in tactical games, the battles are fast and in real-time (no turn events during those).  Turn events only apply on decisions: declare war, assault a region, or mate. The story is also good, it's not just conquer and mate, and is unfolding during events, turns or battles.  The game features many diverse and varied girls (for everyone's taste) that will become your concubines once beaten or their region(s) conquered, and has some fun fan-service scenes outside battles too. Of course they'll also become your ally then, their stats can be upgraded through different ways: mating (not for the guys you've beaten obviously) or experience/resources.  If you're worried about the translation, I'd say it's quire good and rate it 7/10, 9/10 once they've corrected some errors.  To conclude I'll give this game a thumb up and totally recommend it, especially to tactical noobs like me.     P.S.: I didn't encounter any bug or crash mentioned in the discussions. I also bought this game and didn't get any compensation for my review, in case you've doubts. P.S.2: The developer also promised to re-add the discarded artworks in some "Deleted Scenes" bonus.
What i liked: I loved the art style of the game, the music is amazing and it really fits very well while playing.  The combat animations are very well done and each weapon has its unique fighting style and the game is very challenging -  clearly inspired by Dark Souls series - and some bosses to make the experience even more complicated. I loved the narration, how the story of the game is presented to the player and the fact that it shows the controls in the screen.  What I did not like: 1. The story is linear - clearly that is not the main focus of the game. 2. The damage of the weapons is the same - there is no great reason to use a large and slow weapon if I can use a weapon with a similar size  and faster and causes the same damage. 3. Enemies are limited to only combos, making attacks privisible.  In terms of bugs, I did not experience anything that would ruin my experience, -  I fell once or twice inside the map, that's all.  What I recommend: Add blood to creatures and dismemberment too; Adding collisions to weapons, for example when a weapon hits an object it returns; Add normal attacks to enemies, not just combos; All weapons in the game do the same damage. Increasing damage on heavy or larger weapons would be a good idea; More characters to play with - not just a king, but a wizart or knight or spearman, would be funny; Add fall damage.  Conclusion: I had a lot of fun playing Save Thine Kingdom! Honestly, I think it's worth the money and if the little negatives are adjusted, the game will be much better. I recommend give it a try! 
This is a fun little hack and slash game  the enemys are very hard tho :D  The games grapics are in this blocky minecraft style, very fitting for the game. Upon starting i wished a tourturial. But it shows the Controlls so you will get used to it really quickly. You get thrown right in to the action. I wished a difficulty slider in the game sice i suck in fighting games ;D but the game is very fun if u get used to the combos.  All in all its a very fun game! I spent my hours with it ;D
Borrows heavily from the Dark Souls combat system, while technically still a bit off (used plank bridge to cross poison swamp and died because I was too close to the center) its an enjoyable experience to get through that makes you think on your feet.
Cribs pretty hard from Dark souls without any of the impetus for fighting. Killing mobs gets you nothing but an opportunity to change weapons. Expansive world that somehow feels pointless. The story is mostly delivered through npc text boxes and is very generic. Sound cues happen simultaneously and overlap each other. This could be good with a bunch of work..  https://youtu.be/TVNwJuQNUl0
This is a game that shows you even in death, you're not alone. Death looks absolutely terrifying, and it seems as though it always gets to you no matter what. What you must do is accept it, as if you're swallowing the largest pill you could ever swallow. Death isn't a gun or a void, it is a door.
It's rare that you come across a game as raw and unfiltered in its artistic vision as The Endless Empty. It is a game depicting the death of the human soul in all its misery and pain. It is a horror game in a very literal sense - rather than attempting to create fear in the player, it is a game about the [i]experience[/i] of fear, the looming, yawning terror at the heart of existence. And yet, in the midst of that sick, sweating mortality is a moving, real story, the story of life and death.  The minute-to-minute gameplay is much like a traditional JRPG, with your party moving from landscape to dying landscape through a terminal brain. The gameplay is not without difficulty, but mechanically it isn't going to keep you up at night.  What will keep you awake, staring at the ceiling at 3am, is the febrile, noise-laden soundtrack, the disturbing artwork and the coffee-bitter writing. Yes, the in-game text has some typos, but this does not detract from the quality of the writing, and in fact shows how unvarnished and real the work is. This is a heartfelt, challenging game.  I'm not an artist. I don't consume a lot of art. I have, however, read that art, real art, should make you uncomfortable. I don't know if that's true, but if it is, this is art.
[b] The Endless Empty [6 out of 10] [/b]  The Endless Empty is an atypical RPGmaker RPG in a genre I like to call "wierd RPGs", a genre that it shares with the enigmatic Hylics.   It has a very interesting concept where (minor spoiler) [spoiler] you play as fragments of a suicidal person's psyche traversing the dying mindscape just after having fatally shot himself in the head [/spoiler].   It was cool to see how the characters were fleshed out considering their unique origin. Granted, because the characters are technically (minor spoiler) [spoiler] aspects of human psychology rather than complete personas [/spoiler], most of them come off as rather one dimensional, but the character of (minor spoiler) [spoiler] trigger finger [/spoiler] presents a character with a very interesting and wholly human motivation behind the choices he makes and the things he says.  The art style is a bit cliched, but both thematically proper and aesthetically pleasing.  The music is [b] fantastic [/b]. Very grunge-funk. It almost hurts to listen to at some times, but you understand that its difficult to listen to in the areas where it is employed because it is trying to impress upon you feelings of anxiety or despair or rage. It has a point, and makes that point quite effectively. There are times where the music loops and I found myself a bit jarred by the tempo shifting slightly, but I still found myself humming the tunes to myself after having turned the game off for the night.  The gameplay is easily the weakest aspect of the game. The RPG framework of the game is very incidental, and you are really only compelled to participate in it because it requires you to be a certain level of strength in order to progress.  There are multiple endings based on a "choices matter" system that is fairly inscrutible, and I would not have known it was there if I didn't stumble across the concept in a guide, but it is pretty easy to ignore (massive spoiler)( [spoiler] especially considering that the ending ulltimately does not diverge in the slightest regardless of the path you choose, but that is in-keeping with the symbolism of the game [/spoiler] ).  The game tackles some pretty emotional topics, primarily human strife and death.  Truth be told I would have like to have seen this concept explored with more than the small team that produced The Endless Empty, since it has a lot of potential for enabling artistic expression and interpretation of the elements of (minor spoiler) [spoiler] human psychology and death as a process [/spoiler] in an artistic sense. Its potential as a concept was unfortunately limited by its equally limited resources, and, as such, anyone seeking to explore a similar concept in the future will have any success with their interpretations cheapened with accusations of unoriginality, even though I think there are many different ways to tell this story. The symbolic ending to the story was poignant, but I am unsatisfied by the lack of a conclusion for the character of (major spoiler) [spoiler] Death [/spoiler] which was built up as the (minor spoiler) [spoiler] primary antagonist [/spoiler] of the entire game. He was by far one of the two most interesting characters, serving a dual role within the story from the perspective of the main character. I found myself wanting more of him as the game ended.  Overall I would give The Endless Empty a 6/10 for having a stunning aesthetic, an interesting story that was not exploited for its potential, and for gameplay that feels more like the price of experiencing the story rather than supplemental material to it. I would recommend it to anyone who played Hylics and appreciated it for what it was, and is craving something in a similar vein.
I originally got this game for free. I enjoyed it so much, and saw that the sales would be donated to the Trevor project, though, so I bought it on steam. I'll likely replay it again to see an alternative ending, and get the achievements.   [b] I really, really recommend this game. [/b] If you liked OFF by Mortis Ghost, and haven't quite found something new that has a similar feel to it, you should play this.  It’s also got a similar tone to Lisa: The Painful.  When you first open the game, it sets you up with the premise from the start. You're exploring the last thoughts in the mind of a song writer that's taken their own life.  As you go along your journey, you visit different 'sections', representative of different motives that the song writer had in life. I found each zone resonating with me and having me think over my own actions, particularly anxiety. (After all, I finished the game with 50 saves while [i] trying [/i] to keep the save-count down, [i] just in case [/i] it had some overall effect on the game. Spoiler alert, it didn't. I just couldn't bare to risk it.)  [b] The positives [/b]  Trippy visuals, social commentary, and a standard battle system? What's not to like! Each zone has a very unique visual style that's fascinating to see unfold. Seriously, even if you aren't a fan of social commentary, I recommend this game anyway, because of the art alone. As you travel, you pick up new companions, and I found each of them lovable despite the fact that they were manifestations of very real, negative things. Each of them has their own unique move-set, and it keeps battle just varied enough to make it fun. The encounter rate is also low enough that I found myself seeing the battles as an interesting aspect of the environment, rather than a chore. [i] Also, upon getting a new party member, you won't lose the others. You can find them in the various safe rooms after the fact. I only mention this because I wasn't sure at first, and it lead to a lot of very frantic googling, as I really didn't want to lose Anxiety. Fitting? Probably. [/i]  [b] The negatives [/b]  It ends very suddenly, although I think this was intentional. I already knew it was going to end quickly, and even then it surprised me that [i] yep, [/i] that was it. I know that's a common criticism, but I didn't mind too much. I felt that it fit thematically, given the premise of the game. Another thing is that in battle, your attacks have a tendency to miss a [i] lot. [/i] It felt as if a third of the time my hits would miss, and I was stuck a few more turns than I should've been. Also, and again, this may be intentional, the zones seem to get shorter as you progress. The last zone was far quicker than I had expected, and combined with the abrupt ending, it left me wanting more. An explanation, some nice message to wrap it up, a happy ending, and hence my speculation that it was intended to be that way.  Regardless of the negatives, I still wholeheartedly recommend that you give it a play through. I wouldn't have written a review if I didn't think this game deserves far more attention than it has.  Thanks for reading!
You guys want to try some "The Endless Empty"? You're gonna get so blasted your minds will blow chunks into the Milky Way. And what better way to celebrate a GREAT game than with a good old fashioned Milky Way chunk blow, hmmm?
Fantastic game, deeply emotional story I really connected with and a lovely soundtrack
[url=https://indiehellzone.com/]My full review is here[/url], but to sum it up, the Endless Empty is if cult classic RPG Maker game Middens was actually good. The penultimate chapter is a misstep, but overall it's an enjoyable time.
TL;DR - Amazing visuals, great soundtrack, literally some of the best writing I've ever seen in an rpg maker game, likeable characters, and trippy as fuck. The only thing here that everyone may not be a fan of is the gameplay because most of it is just adventure game stuff with default rpg maker style battles in between, but luckily it's not a particularly frustrating game, and encounters are kept fairly low and easy. Just don't go in expecting anything too innovative. I give this one a good 10/10.  If you want my full review, [url=https://rpgmaker.net/games/9949/reviews/6490/]here you go.[/url]
I had the privelage of doing a live stream play through with the mastermind behind this game. deep and shallow dark and bright it is no doubt a surreal journey through ones last moments..... or new start. reccomend this game for price vs content and the story it tells will definately stay with you.
This is without a doubt one of the best story-based RPGs I've ever played (And I've played a lot of them). Everything has this unique touch that you just can't find anywhere else, from the story, to the graphics, to the thought provoking dialogue. This game is an experience and I can't recommend it enough. 10/10 won't forget for a long time
this game is great i love the characters and story a lot, but the endings were ok this game is basically if bill wurtz decided to make a not so cheery game  here's some tips: - remember to save after a fight/long area, i fucked up and had to restart a large portion of the game - be aware of all your actions and your appearance (different endings) - dream eater is a good move, it's a great last resort but it may be a tad bit too powerful so use it while you can - for me there was only 1 scary thing and it's the (light spoiler) [spoiler]Anxiety Monster as he shows his face[/spoiler] and there aren't jumpscares, this is coming from someone who can't play fnaf and ddlc for shit - (character spoiler) [spoiler]logic can't attack some things[/spoiler] - pay attention to what they say on the tv at the beginning. keep it in mind, write it down. - every little thing matters when it comes to dialogue options. and there's a lot of it.
This game is one game experience you will never experience anywhere else.  The game developer for this game is simply a genius and the way the game plays through out the five chapters is simply amazing! You are simply a person who has recently died but yet you are trying to process death and even process who you are as a person or who you once were. This game is very philsophical and you basically start the game in a strange world having no clue who you even were when you were alive.  However along the way, you start to meet very strange and creepy characters in new worlds that slowly make you start to understand death and slowly help you to remember who you once were when you were alive and your purpose now moving forward.   Pro's of the game  1.)This game is split into five different chapters. 2.)Choices matter in this game and there are different endings 3.)Music in this game is top notch and upon doing research, I found out that developer used their own music they made in their band for this game! Which is also cool! 4.)Game is very philsophical, it talks about some crucial controversial topics 5.)RPG mechanics work well and the game is turn based but designed in a unique way where it's a fresh take on turn based combat. 6.)Dialogue from the strange characters you encounter is written well and it engages you. 7.)The story in general is written really well and keeps you interested. 8.)There are puzzles in the game and some can be challenging, which makes the game more fun. 9.)Combat also can be challenging which keeps the game interesting as some boss fights can be hard. 10.)The art style for this game is strange yet very beautiful to look at and some of the best I've seen in indie games.  Overall. The Endless Empty is such a solid indie game simply for the fact that it provides a game experience that has such a unique story along side with it having so much postive stuff in the game it's simply marvelous. If your fan of Alice in Wonderland, The Never Ending Story, Labyrinth , or any other strange worlds. You will love this game. You will vist strange places and meet strange characters. Though, you will eventually realize your purpose in death and remember who you once were when you were alive!   I give this game a 8.5/10. This developer has put a lot of heart into this game and it really shows. I would recommend  everyone to try this game atleast once as the game tells a story that you simply can't get in any other games. Also if your a fan of solid indie games, then you should try this too!   The only downside to this game is that game only takes 7 hours to beat! Though, those 7 hours will be best and most epic 7 hours spent! I think this game truely provides a great experience. Though, I would personally like to see the game developer expand from 5 chapters in their future games to maybe 10 chapters, so we can have a much longer game in the 12-15 hour range.  In conclussion though, The Endless Empty is an indie game that one simply needs to play once in their lifetime!  
Imagine if Inside Out and Yume Nikki had a baby—That's what The Endless Empty is like, and it's amazing! TEE has carved a special place in my heart, and I highly recommend it.
Why is no one talking about this game?! (Will update with an actual review later but this is worth checking out, especially for the price)
A surreal journey through the memories of a dying mind, wich raises questions about Society, Existence, Identity and Relationships.   I enjoyed every minute and am struggling with finding anything bad to say about it.  The art style made me buy it but the story made me play it through in almost one sitting. I took my time though, estimated playtime is somewhat between 5 and 7 hours.   It  begins somewhat gritty and dark in the first chapters but later opens up to a colorful even cheerful atmosphere before it turns again a bit more brutal near the end.  The music is awesome! Would describe it as psychic jazz rock(?) I enjoyed the part(s) where I could go up to the band and choose one song to play. Beelzebub is a great tune :)  The art style is pretty consistent in it's surrealism but at the same time diverse enough to keep one interested in seeing what's next.  The Combat is typical turn-based rpg (maker) style, decent amount of enemy diversity spiced up in the later game with transforming ones. Definitely not too hard if you get the best equipment.   The story is the strongest part imo, supported by the art throughout the chapters. It ticks all the themes I find interesting and feels like a journey through all the emotions that come with living on this shithole, sry, planet.  For this prize a must buy if you are slightly interested in the surrealism and/or the story.   Thanks for this experience!
I wasn't sure what to expect, but I'm enjoying this game so far, and I'm glad I bought it. I don't have anything else in my library even remotely like it.   There are a few design issues and the occasional bug, but the game's entirely playable, and glancing at the forum, it looks like the developers are aware of issues and actively working to improve things.  I'd describe [i]Fantasy Blacksmith[/i] as a shopkeeper game. As a metalworker you spend your day: working the mine below the shop - if you choose to, smelting ore, designing blades based on templates, forging blades, damascening, sharpening edges, assembling swords, imbuing finished weapons with magic, ordering the supplies you need to keep the shop running - all the while keeping an ear out for customers who pop by to see if you have what they want in stock. You can also take orders and perform general weapon maintenance. The more you sell, the more money you make, and the more diverse your options of materials and patterns becomes.  Time management comes into play too. Things can get pretty frenetic. You can find yourself working the forge while you've got some silver smelting, and while a fresh ingot's heating up in the forge, you go to the catalog to add to a purchase order you're putting together - [i]Knock! Knock! Knock![/i] - before you run upstairs, you pull your ingot from the fire, check on your smelting furnace and throw some coal into the coke oven. A customer's wondering if you have a sword made of mithral - you don't, but you think you can knock one out so you take the order. Back downstairs, you add a mithral ingot to your purchase order and send it off - then it's back to work.  And when you don't feel like the dealing with all that hustle and bustle, you just put up the [i]Do Not Disturb[/i] sign and work at your own pace. Either way can be fun.
-Forge a sword in a dungeon where I can't see anything -Drop it for a second to examine the rest of the map -Sword decides to take on it's own fate and become a spaceX rocket, flying right through the roof -I am left with darkness, sadness and dying fire -10/10 game 
Nice chill game. Love it already and it have more stuff comming... So exited, cant wait. Keep good work going guys
I've played the game for 83 minutes and i can say that i've been sorely impressed with the devs progress. I've been following the game since Alpha 1.01 and i read every review to see if i wanted the game and i decided to wait for the game to be better; which it really has.  The tongs is no longer a grab-able thing, but an equipable thing(sorry about my bad english) - Positive I've yet to encounter any game breaking bugs but have tried to lose some of my stuff in transit from the shop. - Good and bad The hammering/forging is also a good thing, but i've had a few swords being "close" instead of done despite the fact i've hammered and reheated it 5 times.  Grinding is kinda odd, when you hit 100, it starts going back which makes no sense so i've made quite a bit of money on that so far - mostly bad. Last but not least: The textures. Love them and i'll definitely look forward to more!   I hope you'll keep udating devs. Love the game and your hard work! :D 
i love this game to pieces but it needs mega help. its so glichy. it screams help me. my materils end up in walls, floors even bounces around the furnace. some times it wont show the bar heating up and i melt it to pieces. some one please help this game. im sad
Unfortunately, this game is almost unplayable right now.  First of all, the handle etc. didn't get delivered with the ingot. So I had to order it seperately again and pay double, even though i have almost no money anyway. Then i couldn't even fix the handle etc onto the sword at all (those little parts). When i try to add them to this "machine", it just doesn't work. I press e and left mouse button while i have the thing in the hand, but nothing happens. That's why i quit. I can't continue playing after like 30 minutes. I tried to make two swords parallel, maybe that was "too much" for the game to handle, because when i tried to grind the second blade, it showed me the grinding stats of the first blade, even though the second blade wasn't grinded at all.  However, the atmosphere hooked me right from the beginning and I was eager to play. Too bad that it just has so many bugs that i can't. So i stop playing for now and try again later. Please make that all parts get delivered when ordering and not just the ingot (wtf?).  Also fix the problem with the small part machine. It's kinda frustrating when i just can't add this stupid parts into the machine. I wonder how you programmed this damn thing. It's just supposed to hold all the parts and add them together when i want to. No idea why it just doesn't want to take the parts. Don't restrict the players to only use the parts that they ordered together, let this be a free game, just like real life xD Let me change my mind (if that was the problem). It's strange that just making 2 swords parallel makes so much trouble for the game that it breaks. I mean, it's a big part of the game to have the possibility to make 2 swords parallel and also to change my mind if i wish to (at least in my opinion).  Once the game is finished I would like a dlc in which you are a smith for the royal family/army and the outcome of a war which will come in 30 days will be decided by your craftsmanship (how many blades/quality). Maybe even in a Multiplayer with a 1 Month period per season? And like 1k smiths of one faction vs 1k of another faction and the winning faction gets some reward for singleplayer for example. That's just my idea.  This game has great potential and i fell in love with it from the beginning on. The atmosphere is very good, please continue working hard on the game. I like to support you with my buy! Sorry for no structure in this review but that just came to my mind: It irritated me that the swords are "round" at the beginning. Even if i'm a Smith Noob I won't sell round swords XDDD. Let them have cracks or be dull instead ^^. Completely round is just too strange, i mean that would be hard to even achieve if you wanted it xD. Let a grandmaster smith make the very special "round swords" maybe. But not a novice that is so bad that he only can make round swords XDDD
10/10 Would do again
Game is close to perfect but the developers stay on top of the bugs and update it frequently.
Well, the game is definitely in its dawn. There are a great deal of what should have been improved but it is worth to support the devs to encourage them to finish it. This positive review is for the potential of the game.
Fun simulator, pretty realistic but still pretty buggy... cant wait to see more updates!
Huh got my first fire sword
I do recommend to try it at least once;  BUT. the economy is broken. the customers literally pay dirt for grinding.  and if you run out of money, well, wait like what, 25 minutes just to make some money by grinding swords?  that definetly doesnt make it better
I guess it's decent, but I have encountered some bugs and glitches, but my main complaint is the artstyle of the customers. It looks like the developers are going for a realistic-esc style, so it feels very out of place when the customers are black and white anime characters...
Let me start off by saying that this game has potential and is good for what it is right now. However, the little time that I have been playing, every time that I get a customer asking me to sharpen their sword I am unable to. It does not give me the sword or the option to exit. After that, I am forced to close the game through the task manager and in doing so, I lose my save data. It is quite aggravating. This game is going places and I am glad to be part of it.   EDIT:  As I keep on playing, the game seems to break more and more. When I complete a customers order, they are paying 0 coins for the sword. Also, I am forced to close my game every time someone asks me to assemble or grind their sword.  RE-EDIT:  The developers are very understanding and open-minded about changes suggested to them. Everything that was issued above has been fixed. These people are amazing!
Casual Game, with a simple concept; Forge and Sell Swords.   The game has little pressure but still proves to have challenges constantly which fit to the theme and realism to the topic, this game can allow the player to progress along with their character by bettering their skills in Forging (Temperature managing and Hammering), Grinding, and Handle Fitting. Each time the player can learn and better understand the timings to get the perfect weapon to sell for the highest price. Occasionally there will be a knock on the players door, if the player answers they will be met by citizens seeking help with their weapon, either to help them grind it or to help fit a handle, or they may ask to purchase a sword within a price range with certain properties, or ask for a custom weapon to be built for them and give a time limit to that task to be completed within.  During the game you unlock new locations which provide the player with more options for Forging or other tasks, asked by the citizens or withing the Blacksmith shop itself.  The Graphics are comfortable with nice and realistic colour schemes, the Sounds sound authentic with nice metal on metal clanking and calm medieval style background music.  Overall fantastic game even in it's early stages of development. 
I hadn't really played many sims before this, so I was unsure what to expect. But I've been genuinely enjoying this game. It has its rough edges, but, despite being early access, is very fun and relaxing. I can speak less of the endgame right now, as I've only played a few hours, but I just bought this game yesterday and spent a few hours on it. I didn't expect to lose so much track of time. There are some things that could be better. Bugs, such as when you have parts in your assemble and then assemble a sword for someone else. And lack of some quality-of-life features, such as an easy way to store parts and ingots. But the depth is good for what it is, a sword-making simulation (other tools would be great, but right now it's very good at what it does. Swords. Different metals, patterns, enchantments, etc. And that experience is pretty well-tailored. I suspect some of the negative reviews are older, because the changelog seems to suggest very good recent changes, and so I was eager to share my positive experience and enjoyment of this game. Highly recommend to those interested by the concept.
it has its bugs like any early access game but its fun just needs more tweaking is all
love it one best black smith games i played   side note: they need to add jumping because i have two crystals stuck in my magic table and i cant even get them back
If you love the mini games from Fable 3. You will love this game otherwise if you find that irritating do not buy this game. Person like me who loves sim games and doing repetitive tasks to see a number grow. This is one of my ideal games.  physics are iffy sometimes your items disappear (Time of posting this {Version 1.0.5}). Could use some background elements like windows and lighting. Overall for what it is it gets a positive from me.   :D   9/10
I'm writing this review, primarily because at this date (april 19) the game has a mixed review reputation and i don't think it's fair because the game deliver what it promises. I guess is due to the fact the game came out in an unstable build, thing i can confirm is passed because i'm close to the end game without major problems except a couple of bugs i reported and they immediately scheduled for check. There is still room for improvements, but being in early access there will be plenty of work for it, considering the game is already very playable. And the price is very low, but i'm not sure for how long because i can see this growing.
Pros: The changes to interactions with items have been AMAZING since release.  The auto sell function...awesome, with just the right amount of penalty for your impatience.  Failed Damasc  procedure no longer kills the sword...LOVE IT!!  Cons: I ran into an issue refilling my iron filings that caused me to fail 3 straight attempts even though i had filings on hand.  More  sharpening customers need to appear, its a great way to earn spare money between forges.  The "Quality of forge" gauge in the upper left needs to go, as well as the auto hammer stop...i feel that if you can over heat the ingot you should be able to over work it as well, same as real blacksmithing, judge your "doneness" by the appearance of the blade only!!!!  SLOW THE HANDLE MOUNTING BAR DOWN... IT IS BOUNCING AROUND RIDICULOUSLY FAST. EVEN JUST SLIGHTLY,  that part of the forging process is giving me anxiety just watching that bar bounce around.  It is IMPOSSIBLE to achieve 100% without sheer luck.  Make it skill please....
so far the game is a fun and more advance blacksmith game then most, my only problems with it is you only make swords and some glitches get in the way. if it had a more versatile weapon making like spears and daggers, it would be awesome. I'm looking forward to the new updates and seeing the development of this game.
This is my first review for a game ever, I honestly never thought I'd write one but this game compelled me to. So let's start at the top.  As a huge fan of blacksmithing I've spent hours watching things like Forged in Fire and Alec Steele videos amongst other things so when I found out this game was being developed I was really excited. Like really excited, I found myself almost counting down the days until release... and I'm sure no one needs another review on how that went so I'll skip ahead.  Upon release I, like many others immediately bought the game and found nothing but disappointment, hell I stopped playing it all together but I kept it in my Library. Why you ask? Why would I do that when I so clearly disliked it? For one reason; I believe it can be better. I believe that this game could be THE stand-out smithing game.  It's Devs are clearly listening to feedback and working at a fast pace to fix issues and make improvements. So long as they listen; this game will continue to improve and in a short space of time it already has.    Is this game finished? "No"  Has this game disappointed me? "Yes"  Is it so full of bugs it could be counted as the latest Starship Troopers movie? "Yeah kinda"  Should you buy this? "Honestly? I would say yes. As stated it's improving all the time, don't expect an immediate return for the investment but that's what it is, an investment; into a game (and studio) that will make a nice little time sink, of that I have no doubt."  
This game is understandably buggy and wonky, but it's extremely fun. This game is a rare find when it comes down to some ingredients, such as hydrochloric acid Also, not many NPCs are asking to gamble with me, so that's sad. I feel like there should be a ranked PvP portion of the game to where real people playing the game can come to you and request weapons and there really needs to be more locations and different drafts/blueprints, for example, a battle ax or a bow. There needs to be more ways of getting money as well. The one thing I adore about this game is that it's not laggy and the rune system is a mind-boggling puzzle that is really fun. I'm glad that I played this and keep up the good work.
In its current state, it's a bit janky. maximum graphics settings have a decent chunk of lag alongside them but the graphics themselves aren't incredible OR much of an upgrade.  having to wait anywhere between 2 and 5 minutes for another customer to appear, only to not buy the sword you've just made or want a one you can't make or afford to make yet is beyond tedious.  I do however enjoy the fact the smith is upgradable. new furnaces and thermom's and such are nice and I feel like this could go really far if it just streamlined it all a bit better. maybe instead of waiting for customers to buy your weapons, you instead hand them into a merchant who sells the weapons for you (taking a fictional cut of what he sold it for and giving you the majority of it)  lot's of improvements to make but honestly, it is very promising.  buy it now and sit on it or wait a few months and buy it. either way, I COULD recommend this game in the future but as it stands, just keep an eye on it.
All around fun game and great time waster. It could use a little work but It's off to a great start. I like that it's not too simple and there are some factual elements about forging and also the magical fantasy elements. Do not dwell on beginner style swords, the customers will start requesting higher priced Damascus-style  swords very early. (Around the time you've sold your second bronze sword) The forging process is fairly simple and straightforward and very easy to get the hang of.  Fun game, good looking, smooth gameplay, I look forward to future updates.
Personally I haven't run into any game breaking bugs, maybe I'm just lucky. I've been enjoying the game but obviously there are still some issues, the main one being that you have to wait for customers to turn up and then they rarely ask for anything that you've got so you end up staring at the door for hours instead of actually playing the game, some of the mini games need improving as well, especially the Damascus plates mini game. I am recommending this game for 2 main reasons. Firstly the concept is good and the game is fun to play (when you're not waiting around for the right customer.)  Secondly the devs seem very active, they regularly respond to comments left in the forums and their responses show that they are genuinely listening to the players, they have addressed the issues that we have raised and have made it clear that they intend to implement many of our suggestions, furthermore the most recent update has proved to me that they are true to their word as they have already started to make small but significant improvements in line with the feedback. Buy this game if you're interested in coming along for the ride, but be aware that the game is not perfect yet.
This game is really nice if you are bored and want to play something relaxed and cool. This game is still in Early access so dont expect tripple A content (may come later though). And if you have something in mind thats good for the game (a cool content idea) tell that to the Forum and they may introduce it. The Developer is very understanding if there is a problem or so. If you really want to buy this game in its early access stage(do it because itll get a bit more expensive if its out as a completed game/non early access) the game will grant you fun and anti boredomness.
I wanted a refund, but then I decided to give this game a chance. It is early access after all, and a lot of work is still needed to be done. It has a potential to be a nice little game (with bad graphics, but anyway), but in my opinion such games should be free. I make this review 'positive', but in fact I don't recommend it in this current state.
A great start to a game that is fun and  slighty boring, by this i mean you don't start with enough funds, to get you started really , its very slow to progress....graphics are good game play smooth..would recommend ..cant wait to see where this game goes .... loving the new update with the tongs and hammer , making swords is alot easier, starting funds are still to low to progress , if you don't sell swords to make funds , your given jobs by people to sharpen their swords , but its still not enough to really progress unless you dont mind killing time waiting to answer your door..and hope its a job to earn the funds to buy materials...great job so far keep the updates coming...
If you wished for the good smithing game as a kid you'll love this one. If the Devs will keep developing the product, and players supporting the Devs we can have something really nice here in the future.
The hammer are very gliched when you drop it,is a good game,need more work
can be great game but need some improvments i hope this game will be good!
ill say this its a 7 out of 10 once they fix some of the bugs it will be  much higher. but id put the cost of this game at 15 but they are selling it for 7.99 this is a must buy and keep for later once the bugs are mostly out of it.   I love this game! for what this game is as of right now it feels like a great blacksmith shop game. Yes it has bugs and they need to be worked out but for all of it in general it is an amazing blacksmith shop game. If this was in an mmorpg for blacksmithing job class oh god that game would break WOW over its knee.  The way you have to heat up the ingot to the right tempature is great and once you get good enough you can just eye ball it bright yellowish gold to be sure.   the grinding is quick and easy so you can move on to something more fun the grinder does need to make the sword look sharper though.   the putting on the guard and hilt needs to be a little slower so we can get higher scores for though of us that are slow to respond.   the domasscus please add a window so we can see whats coming next its tetris with plates.   the magic is great in itself adds lots of money to your bank and much needs rep points. can we have more definition on some of the runes you like the blizzard what gem to place in the slot.   now for a bad bug that has made me start over a few times but its ok because i like starting over. theres one bug that if you accidently drop once part of the handle any of the parts ive had this happen on all 3 parts near the wall they clip though the wall getting lost to the void and there is no replacement for it. maybe allow us to buy replacement parts.
I'm giving this a thumbs up because it has potential, but the game is extremely rough even for early access.  TL;DR before I get started: wait for some patches and bugfixes before picking this up, it isn't playable in its current state (in my experience anyway) as of 1.0.1.  The main problem here appears to be the scripting more than anything.  As others have mentioned, trying to put the hammer away will often cause it to freeze midair near the player, and it'll prevent you from moving in that direction and push you into the air.  You can work around this by always dropping the hammer on the floor, but if you aren't careful you can lose it in the dark (which I'll come back to in a moment).  Another game-breaking bug I've come across is the inability to assemble the sword after you've finished the blade.  All the parts will be present on the stand, but an attempted assembly will get the game stuck in the assembly view with me unable to put on the crossguard, handle, or pommel.  The last one I've come across is when exiting while forging and loading back in: as you hammer the ingot it'll keep stretching out, and all the segments for the blade will look they've been strung on a thin piece of metal.  Imagine any fantasy whip-sword and you'll get the idea.  Other issues: first and foremost the lighting.  It's pretty atmospheric as it stands right now, but it isn't functional at all.  It's extremely easy to lose tools or hilt parts in the dark.  You can buy a torch on the market, but the amount of space it lights up is laughably tiny.  I suspect anyone actually trying to smith in the dark like that would go blind from eye strain.  The rest of the issues I have with the game are pretty minor: the menu is unintuitive but easy enough to figure out, the grammar/spelling errors are a little jarring but still understandable.  So why am I still giving it a thumbs up?  The heat, beat, repeat cycle is pretty cool and customization going into the sword is very promising.  I've long had an interest in smithing, but there hasn't really been a game that approaches it with the level of detail that this one does.  I would like to see more effort put into the grinding/sharpening phase at some point. but it's more important to get the current systems working correctly first.  All in all it shows promise, and if the devs stick with it I think it can really shape up to be a fun and unique game.
Short summary: bugfest. Definitely would have potential but as of now it is unplayable.  -Hammer is overly attached. It bugs on you, and inhibits you from doing anything. -Relog would help, but then save file resets the oven to level 1 the stuff from the hande assembly disappears and somehow the forged sword breaks (you can forge it but looks weird with floating components)  Really hope this game will be polished, seems fun.  Edit: Already in 1.0.2 patch all of the above mentioned errors have been corrected so I can finally advance in the game. So far so good!
About: "Fantasy Blacksmith" is a game where you are, as the name says, a blacksmith. You will be able to create an unique sword from the 0, which is my favourite part of the game. In my  opinion this game as a lot of potential. I gave it a try and actually liked it. Also, keep in mind that the game is stil in Early Acess so there are some bugs that need to be fixed.  Pros: - Complete process of creating an unique sword (from drawing creation, choosing pieces, forge, assemble, shop); - Minimum system requirements that any computer has nowadays; - Graphics are pretty good; - When you start to get into it the time starts flying.  To Fix: - Laws of physics are not that realistic; (even tho a lot of people liked it) - Sometimes the hammer bugs when trying to put on the tool crack; - Tutorial could be more professional and maybe intuitive; - Brightness and gamma could be higher as the default option.
first off I want to say thank you, not only is this a good concept game but not a pricey one either, given its early stage of development of course there is going to be bugs and I encountered some myself.  I have read through a good number of the other comments listing the bugs and almost all of the ones I encountered are listed. The only 2 I have had that I haven't seen in the comments are the gambling table wont work through the customer option at the door and I  have found that some times after closing the game and re opening it some of the interior items like the bin, chem table, even with the forge upgrade are missing and I am unable to re buy and have to start over to get them again.  It is still a fun and chilled game to play though so once again thank you and keep up the good work
Great game with lots of potential but there are definitely bugs, Main problem i have been running in is bought items not showing up when being delivered. Would also be great if there was more world to it not just a map to go to the village to buy things. What also would be great is to add let's say a mine, iron swords gold swords, all sorts of materials you could be able to gather in a mine, and since we're making swords why not let us use them, trow some enemies in the map. This could be a really great game and i'm looking forward to future updates.
really like this game and highly recommend it to people who are interested in trying different simulation games... dont be put of by the fantasy side to the this game and really hits the nail on the head for blacksmithing. still inexperienced but i like what i see so far!
This is a tough one. interesting concept still needs lots of polish and general enhancement, especially to control and placement of items. I like what has been done so far but Id recommend if your interested in this one to wait for further development. The early access for this one is "just barely" early access, i honestly feel it should have a bit more development before it should be available to try. So for this one i have a thumbs up for future hopes for this one though otherwise i'd also recommend others to wait and let it improve before trying. for me im gonna shelve it for awhile and maybe try it again in 6 months or so to see where it has improved.
Last Edited: 3/19/2019 for Patch 1.0.3 (see bottom of review for updates)  A game with quite a bit of potential despite getting delayed multiple times with no notice at all to the customers waiting (including release day, coming out over 5 hours late without any word) but if you are not a fan of Early Access games with a lot of bugs I would suggest waiting until a lot more work is done on this.  Current issues I have encountered:  > Physics are more of a suggestion than a law in the world of Fantasy Blacksmith. The first thing that happened after I started playing was picking up the Thermometer, testing the current temp of the bronze ingot in the forge, "placing" them next to me, and getting catapulted across the room. > There is a chance for the sales option to not work. A very high chance. It took me 20 minutes of answering the door before the game let me sell my first sword. > The controls are super janky at the moment. Hammer will randomly fly off the rack they implemented in place of the table. Tongs can be very hard to pick up. Partially finished swords are next to impossible to place into the forge (they go in vertically and then are flung out most of the time). Tongs clip into EVERYTHING. I had to end my first playthrough after the tongs clipped into the anvil and I could no longer pick them up. > Placing/Grabbing partially forged ingots will, half the time, pick up and put down the sword and the other half of the time will cause the tongs to go flying into oblivion. > Some sword patters, including the beginning wave pattern, do not let you finish forging them which costs you a lot of money when you go to sell them. > Iron refuses to heat up. At best you can hit it 1-2 times and then have to throw it back into the forge. By the end you will go bankrupt trying to forge a single iron sword. > For the love of god, please stop having that stupid reputation letter delivered to the door. I do not care at all. Get rid of the worthless "Goal" button in the menu and put it there instead. It is a waste of my time. > Please, for all that is holy, let my character look DOWN so that I can pick stuff up easier. Oh my lord, this is an essential thing that needs to get added in ASAP. > A much more minor, aesthetic fix... but the swords look really messy on the wall. They do not sit in the display mounts correctly. > A much more critical and essential fix that is needed ASAP... the instructions.  The quality of the "tutorial" (a joke to call it such at the moment) is somewhere between being written by a 2nd grader, eating my keyboard, and trying to type Shakespeare blindfolded while sitting on a bed of nails.  A couple of the early ones give you 60-70% complete instructions.  The rest are limited to a few words or a couple sentences, at best, that do nothing to actually instruct you on the mechanics.  At that point I gave up. I was over an hour in, had sold 1 finished sword and 1 sword that refused to forge, had unusable tongs that were clipped into an anvil, iron that would not forge, and was out of money to buy more. I could have sat around and waited for a customer to sell my other sword to, but I had already wasted more than half my play time waiting for people to show up so that I could keep playing the game.   I will continue to try the game and will update as the game is improved and more things start working.   EDIT: [as of] 1.0.3 Patch The game has made MANY changes, pretty much all of them good.  > Differences between Tutorial and Alchemy Table have been fixed [GOOD] > Still no way to see full instructions before purchasing Damascus supplies [BAD] > Magic Runes Table still does not function, or is so poorly explained that it is near impossible to figure out [BAD]  > Tools no longer have a table or tool rack and are now auto-equipped on the player for easy access without physics-defying glitches [AMAZING] > Water Can and Coal still have nowhere to store them that uses snapping mechanics [MEH] > Tongs still pick up blade even when you are not telling them to [ANNOYING]  > Customers can no longer be the Leaderboard [AMAZING] > Customers come noticeably faster that ever before [AMAZING] > Customers are still brain dead and don't ask for things that are actually in stock, on top of still being super demanding [TERRIBLE] > Customers still pay you dirt so you barely turn any profit at all [TERRIBLE]  > Windowed and Windowed Fullscreen modes still cause massive frame skips when trying to play in those modes [BAD]  Overall, this is a MASSIVE improvement to game!  Now, it may not seem like it with my rating of the changes and issues still present but trust me, it really is!  Nothing NEW has been added to the list of things that need fixing, other than things I have continued to uncover as I play more and more of the game and MANY things that needed to be changed have been.  The developers are actively listening to the community and this is one of the greatest things to see in any indie game during the continuing Early Access period.  After all... we've all seen PLENTY of issues on Steam where the devs abandon the game after release without fixing issues or implementing all (or any, for those who remember DayZ) of the promised features.  This leaves me with an enormous amount of hope for the future of this game as the EA period continues towards a full release version!
this is a good game but since its still new it is understandable about bugs and what not. being able to make swords is a fun concept. i like how the people look and how the game plays. now for what i would like to see is more blades like katana's. and more weapons like spears axes and even shields. maybe new ingots besides the ones we have would be nice. {not sure if there is more not that far in game yet} real great game id give it a 7.5 out of 10. keep up the good work and i hope to see updates with some of the ideas
I am enjoying but obviusly running into a few bugs. Iron ingot wont heat up enough to forge. The hammer glitches when trying to put on the tool rack. Also if you grab tongs whiel hammer is glitched. Your character starts to fly around (kinda funny). My hilt, handle, and cap glitched through the wall. Also i crafted a sword and tried to grind it and game says need to craft sword first. Just a few things i have ran into but i am still having fun. note if hammer glitches click mouse rapidly and sometimes will fix or need to reload the game.
Overall the game is good concept is interesting however controls are buggy to say the least some quallity of life improvements need to be added but all in all a good game.
This Game is actually quit fun, yes it needs polishing, its a little rough around the edges but with a bit of patching, this is a nice Game that centers around the great art of Sword forging. In a fantasy setting of course. If you like the arcady feel of creating your own swords and unlocking more features along the way. I'd recommend this!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ve6ZnMemuRI&feature=youtu.be Watch The Gameplay If You Were Stuck On Anything... I Beat It I HONESTLY LOVED THIS GAME... VERY FRUSTRATING BUT IN THE END ITS WORTH IT!! Heres A Short Review To Help You Decide Wether Or Not To Buy It : Is the Game Worth The Money? Yes of course it is How Long is it? For me it took an hour and a half which felt like 3 hours. Honestly all depends on how good you are at this game. It has moments where it feels like "Emily wants to play" Cause you're in survival mode and you're trying to run away from that doll. Heres some Pro/Cons  Pros ; -Its Freaking Terrifying -The Doll Itself Makes The Game 10x Scarier -Grapchics Are Decent -Game Runs Smoothly -Its Clear On What Your Next Task Is So You Dont Look Like A Lost Dog -The Ending Is Satisfying (No Spoilers Here) -Location Is In The Middle Of No Where So Dont Expect Any Help o_0 -The Atmosphere Of The Game Gives You Chills  Cons ;  -I Think Theirs a Small Bug In The Beggining Where You Cant Get Up.. To Fix That I Restarted The Game A Few Times And The Mashed The Buttons To Eventually Get Up And Start The Game... THATS THE ONLY BUG LIKE THAT THROUGH THE REST OF THE GAME SO DONT WORRY! -Theirs No Point Of Hiding Because It Doesnt Matter The Timing You Get Out Of Hiding He Will Still AUTOMATICALLY Get You And That Was Very Frustrating. You Have To Instantly Get The Key On The Kicthen Tabel And Make Yourself Unoticeable To Him. That Meaning Dont Hide Under A Bed Just Stay On The Side Of The 2nd Bedroom Door And Wait For Him To Pass By. -TO THROW THE LIGHTER PRESS THE BUTTONS ON THE MOUSE TO THROW IT. THERE IS NO CERTAIN SPOT TO BE TO THROW IT JUST GET A FEW STEPS OUT THE DOOR AND THROW THE LIGHTER ON GASOLINE. 
An ingenious lil' piece of software. I have a fondness for games that remind their players what it means, at the core, to be "videogaming". 'Metagames' à la [i]Stanley Parable[/i] do that, but in an excessively talkative way. [i]Super Keepy Ups[/i] brings you there without a word (apart from its fine title), and with a single, mischievous mechanic. And it has the catchiest minimal soundtrack I've heard in a long while.
Pretty powerful and  (in a metaphorical way) surprisingly realistic game handling depression. I learned something new from this.
loved it -- the minimalism of the art, the dialogue, delphine's insecurities being so. painfully relatable. the allegories. despite its length it really. cut deep. thank you for this.
This game is so beautifully crafted. I felt like I was in a world made of poetry while playing it. All the issues it deals with, especially in the sun, river and flower routes, I think, are poignant ones, insecurities that we may have and not even have noticed or thought about, but just accepted. We go through the same explorations that Delphine does. Though some of the game feels quite pessimistic, if you play through all the routes, you can find endings that speak to the strength of the human spirit, the importance of honesty in intimacy, and what it means to find oneself. I would highly recommend this, but do be careful about the trigger warnings.
With profound introspections via carefully crafted metaphors, the earth is a better person than me seems to explore the effortless normalcy that one desires and despises simultaneously. The game is a cathartic experience cleverly illustrated and wonderfully narrated. A window into how we form attachment, perceive ourself as the other, and define the blurry line between intimacy and being loved for who we are. It is an interesting take on mental health and I highly recommend it :)
The game is super fun and doesnt take long to get into. youll find yourself playing way too much for a simple game because its borderline addicting. 10/10
I really liked the old arcade vibe of this game! Super fun game that is great for everybody to play. Obstacles and difficulty increase at a good rate each level, and its the perfect difficulty level. Very addicting!!
CykaBlyt
cheeki breeki game!
This is just a plain neverending wave shooter. Simple as that. The game doesn't claim to be anything else. A bit unpolished, but it seems to be a one man job. A bit heavy on the price since it is really basic, but I picked it up at a sales so I guess it was OK.  The big let down is how demanding this little game is. I had to play at 720p with lowest settings on everything. And I still had some performance issue when there were many enemies. Hopefully fixed in future updates.
prettybad but fun if ur dumb like me
It's a funny story: I bought this game almost by mistake, thinking that it have an English translation - I couldn't read a single line of a text, and still I liked it a lot!  Instead of Chinese text (which I'm able to translate via Google Translator) the game shows me messages written in white blocks (I tried to do different things both to fonts and to my Windows, nothing helped). Still, I played "The Monster" for a hour and a half - I just interacted with everything and used the enigmatic items in my inventory on everything, including doors. It was intriguing nevertheless, like decoding a puzzle with unknown rules. This game definitely have an atmosphere, and its horror vibe is relying not on screamers, but on stylish dark RPG Maker VX visuals and clever level design. For now I'm stuck presumable in the middle of the game, trying to use the items from my inventory on everything I see, in desperate need of walkthrough (no matter on which language, thanks to the Google Translator). I found the second savepoint, but I have no clue what do I have in my inventory and where should I use this items. Alas, there is no YouTube letsplay videos on "The Monster", so I can't see what to do for myself. Despite everything, even if I still can only theorize about the plot of this game on the basis of the scenes I saw and Steam comments, and even if I'm stuck in the middle, I still recommend "The Monster" as one of the most atmospheric RPG Maker VX/VX Ace horror games that I saw. It's not trying to scare you with cheap jumpscares (I still found none of them), but it creates a tension that rises in proportion to your passing throught the house. On the other hand, it requires you to know the language and to have a respective setting of your operation system in case you want to understand what's happening and what do you need to do first-hand. I sincerely hope that one day there will be either a text/video walkthrough for "The Monster" or the official English translation of it from 0cube, so I can finish it at last. I don't want to drop this game when I'm stuck, and for me it's a sign of a well-made project.
I'm currently into the game for the second time; this time with the ENG patch (H patch actually) installed. My first time around sans the patch was an interesting playthrough. I liked the simple battle system which still turned out to be more challenging as the game progressed. However, with the patch installed, the game is far more interesting with a more (pardon the pun) flashed out and interesting story. New Features (both H and non H) that were absent in the unpatched version are now coming out and the game is more rewarding in many new ways. In ths review, i'll avoid mentioning these new things to avoid any spoilers for those who might want to discover them, themselves. Definitely one of the more satisfying JRPGs I've ever played recently. I highly recommend playing it with the patch.
This isn't your typical rpg maker game. I'm astounded by what the developer was able to make out of the engine.  The art is very cute and character designs remind me a bit of Etrian Odyssey. Speaking of EO, the writing is also very good with its descriptions of the environment to really help you picture the frontier nature of their surroundings.  The game has great music. There's also ambient sound effects like you can hear running water when you move your cursor by the river.  The combat has a per character turn order, so faster characters can move twice before an enemy and some skill can cause your next turn to be delayed. You can have up to 3 party members participate in battle, and each character has unique skills that make them stand out.  I only wish the game supported mouse input since the adventuring aspect really feels built for it.  This game can completely stand on it's own without any of its H content. I would gladly pay full price for more games like this.
it's alright
Indulgent.
Meh, just buy it.
I mean they're doing a giveaway even if you give it a negative review so like that's something positive man. But seriously it's way more user friendly than Treasure Hunter Claire
Fairly unique when it comes to this genre and the art is great  
can't go wrong with some good old fashioned incest huh?
Fun rpg
Attention:  - this review may contain spoilers, if you don´t mind go ahead and read at your own risk. - this review was based in steam version with 18+ patch applied, so may be different in a few aspects.  Summary: A fantasy 2D JRPG made with RPG Maker with an interesting plot (making all monster gals in your little sister), nice artwork, and a pleasant soundtrack.  About the game:  - A 2D JRPG made with RPG Maker by Inusuku and published by Kagura Games. Tells about a nameable character (MC), an adventurer that aims to turn all monster girls in your little sister (the MC insist all game character call him Big Brother, so the name you type does not matter). The plot was written in a fantasy world, with magic and swords, adventurers searching for treasures, etc. In the game, you will fight with many monster girls, however, only a few of them has H scenes. And the game ending is anti-climatic. Estimated playtime: 8~10 hours. - Gameplay: challenging, is different from the usual JRPG´s, will require strategies to win some enemies.  - Artwork: is not an HD artwork, but the design is good.  - VA: not present, however, during H scenes have some obscene sounds. - Soundtrack: good. - Cons: does not have an NG+, finishing the game will not unlock the gallery, the ending is anti-climatic.  Conclusion: This is a fantasy 2D JRPG with an interesting story (with an anti-climatic ending), good artwork (with NSFW content, need a patch) and a good soundtrack. Recommended if you like 2D JRPG with h scenes or like games by Kagura Games.
A good game, a good story, some hard boss also.....
Kagura Games has become one of my all time favorite publishers, each of their games has given me a new glimpse into art and social interactions. In reality, they even helped to inspire my own art career and path, hats off to them and this game, though it may not be what we are used to, it is still a very enjoyable game from what I've played so far. Why not give it a try? Plus you could even win real life prizes by playing and reviewing! Good luck to everyone and best wishes to those who win! ^-^
An actually amazing game.  Okay, so here's a disclaimer first: I'm not a huge fan of the occasionally chibi-ish art style that Sister Travel uses. It's overly cute and sugary-sweet for me; but because all of that is personal bias, I'm not letting it influence my review at all. The art [i]is[/i] objectively very good for those that like this kind of art style; I'm just personally not a fan.  So why did I buy this? Well, I don't even know, really. I just thought that Sister Travel's gameplay elements (no meme) looked really interesting and aesthetically pleasing; I especially loved the retro 8-bit art style that it uses in certain segments. And now that I've gotten to actually playing it, I have to say: it's precisely in the gameplay aspects that I have to give massive props to Sister Travel. While I may not necessarily enjoy the art style, it's genuinely great fun as a game. The navigation system is intriguing and pretty original, a far cry from the many RPGMaker games that permeate DLsite/Steam (not to say that I dislike RPGM, but few games actually use it effectively), and the combat gameplay, while lacking originality, has several quirks that keep it interesting like the addition of subweapons and whatnot.  As much as it sounds like I'm just memeing by praising gameplay in a H-game, Sister Travel is really just that fun. It's very nice for once to have a gameplay loop that's more than just a weak excuse to string together H-scene after H-scene. Truly massive props to Inusuku for achieving something that too many H-game devs have failed to do: create fun gameplay. A lot of effort was clearly put into creating a product that both H-game fans and non-H-game fans can enjoy; while I haven't personally tried it yet, I'm inclined to believe that Sister Travel would be just as enjoyable even without the adult patch.  Of course, that's not to say that the patch doesn't add a lot, because it does. There's a ton of H-CGs and the art is, again, objectively good, regardless of whether I personally enjoyed it or not. Ultimately, Sister Travel is a H-game worth getting for more than just the H; whether you're a fan of hentai or not, there's something here for everyone, from retro to modern gamers, to enjoy. Many thanks to Inusuku for developing this wonder of a game, and to Kagura Games for translating it for all of us non-Japanese speakers to enjoy!  [b]SCORE: 8/10[/b] It's far from a masterpiece that'll stay with you throughout the ages, but Sister Travel is most certainly a game worth getting. What you'll find here is fun gameplay, good art and an undoubtedly great time.
A good game as always from Inusuku and Kagura Games Keep the nice work !
For being rpg maker simple without being the same basic rpg maker format thats dominated this market, I am very impressed. The fights can be challenging and there seems to be a healthy amount of sprites used. I honestly really enjoy the older feel this game has, and the dialog is pleasently well worded. It's really nice seeing games like this not needing translation patches anymore, especially since steam games generally never get translation patches outside of machine trans the sellers run them through.   For the price, if you're into smutty jrpg's, this is a excellent one to snag, even if full price. Just know that if you are into the smutty stuff, or want the full character development between followers, this does need a patch provided on the publishers website.
I haven't played it much but it looks cute. The CGs are nice too. It's strongly focused on the onii-chan fetish but that's fine even if you aren't really into it. The battle system is simple, nothing weird. The only thing that could cause problems is you have to manage your energy while making enough money to pay for the inn to recover it, at the same time you get 1 quest ticket to spend on getting a quest daily. You can save it for later or use it right away. At least in the beginning money feels real tight. The only quest you get gives you so little money compared to what you pay for the inn, but you find certain encounters that give you money for a few days. You have to be careful buying gear while keeping enough money to survive, not sure if there is some game over if you can't afford to rest since while you are fatigued your stats dramatically drop so you can't make money easily. Some details I personally would have appreciated would have been some "voicing"... for the CGs~ Rather than all quiet, but some people could find it bad since usually they are so exaggerated. Also a bit longer scenes. Some feel like it's just 3 lines "into it" when it's all over. But overall it's nice and well translated so far. And uncensored is greatly appreciated.
Been an overall great experience playing this game, love the rpg elements and the exploration.
Not too far in yet, but so far some of the game's pacing feels a little off, the cursor feels a tad janky, and the H scenes are fantastic.
I prefer the sprite walking kinda rpg but after getting used to the game's point and press a button mechanic its quite enjoyable.
Totally recommend. This game is very good and unique.  I've played many H-game in steam, and this game is one of the most favorite game in this genre. (my most favorite is Treasure Hunter Claire)  The story, characters and BGM are good. Especially, the BGM is so great that I'm impressed.  The art may not be everyone style, but you can tell that developers put so much effort in it.  there may be some downsides in this game, such as gameplay is really slow, and the amount of CG is not much and [spoiler]ending phases of the game is too rush and still not very clear[/spoiler].  For me, however, the biggest dowside is that you can't travel with Aidelle lol.
It's ok, If the words that appear during battles were at the top instead of bottom it would let the players read it while looking at the sprites, some of the jokes go unnoticed thanks to that. Maybe a warning that the game is unpatched during launch/menu would be nice. Played quite a bit before i noticed something was off
The game plays just like a regular JRPG with a loose story around it. The only complaint I have about it so far is the awkward cursor used to select everything. It moves painfully slow, and when holding the keys used to speed it up slightly, often dialogue boxes will suddenly appear that you're already skipping (they utilize the same keys to skip dialogue). Beyond that, it would be really nice to have the ability to return to the title screen, load previous saves, or even exit the game without having to shut it down and restart. It sounds like I'm complaining a lot here, but it's a fun.
Sister Travel is a fun adult centric game similar to most Rance titles, with some sprinkled serious threats causing drama, and a protagonist who is quite forceful to the heroines but generally has a heart of gold for them, but is generally superior feeling wise to Rance by at least taking care of his harem without any direct physical or mental abuse. Gameplays pretty much the general early Final Fantasy type, not really much to improve on it, if you don't like turn based you won't like it, if you do main thing that might be unique if not innovative is that consumables can be used for actions besides potions, such as limited bow attack commands by buying arrows, with the benefit being bows have higher base attack. h scenes are uncensored, and while not gratuitously detailed like some real obscure vns are still pretty hawt with good enough details to make the mind wander. Heroines are likeable, with the ones you should aquire quickly being a older sister merchant type, a energetic best friend type, and little sister that seems to get wet from dismembering bears(?). I was expecting ntr judging by their previous releases but was surprised by getting a game that combines some of the best of Imouto Paradise and Monster Girl Quest. I regret nothing and highly recommend it, and pray for Kagura Games to publish more indie japanese rpgs with less ntr centric plots and less men or women that are colorless village bicycles.
I haven't had much of a chance to play yet, but I like it so far.
As soon as I finish I'll leave a proper pseudo-review so far it has been a fun game although nothing outstanding
Really enjoying this game so far, good soundtrack and excellent CGs and artwork all around, one of the best Kagura releases yet!
Cute game.
Same level of lewd but different level of gameplay.
the soundtrack make me cu......... i mean calm  And the whole game everyone call you "Oniichan" What time to be alive
This game is fairly good with my only real complaints being the resolution and the kinda clunky way that you move the cursor with your keyboard. To be honest I wouldn't really mind even that if it was just a bit faster to navigate with. Otherwise it is a fun game that I do enjoy so far.
I'm not much of a reviewing person so here is what I thought. The way how the game works is not really my cup of tea and also the resolusion could be higher since I like it that way and pretty sure many others as well. However I like story and the content this gives me. It is interesting overall. Oh and also it would be awesome if you could move with your mouse not just keyboard.
played on vive and found the movement very nauseating as there was no press down of trackpad but only touching of it. I am a avid curler IRL and found it fun would be better if there was after you releced the rock you would stick to it and the movement would be done for you. 6/10 only needs better movement
thank you kanye, very cool!   10/10 I'm now going to start curling irl now.
You know, I bought VR to like explore Skyrim in all it's Glory, reinact my army days of fumbling to reload a magazine while being shot in or around my face, to have new experiences like shooting anthropromorphic sausages with realistic weaponry, and to watch pornography in high definition and multiple dimensions.   But for some reason I've found that it's the little experiences that keep me coming back. Forklift Simulator 2019, which is a real thing. Or making pottery in VR. These are the things I actually tend to spend most of my hours on even though I had no interest in them. I practiced BADMITTON for like 4 hours the other day.   And then we have Curling. The universal joke of the olympics, the "what can we make that's more lame then bowling" of sports, and yet again here I find myself just wanting to put down Contractors and Onward and Pavlov, and just brush some ice.   This isn't even meant as a funny or sarcastic review even though it's kind of tongue and cheek. If you are like me and notice you like to do things in VR that aren't your usual hardcore gaming stuff but for whatever reason relaxing, then this is the droid you are looking for. It's simple, very well done, and cheap as hell. I'm going to rate this with the official Dj Khallid "If you don't have any idea what the rules of curling are but aren't playing this pretending like you do, then really you just played yourself fam".  5/7,  a perfect score.
By far already one of my favourite sport games on the Vive, and I have only played about 8 ends so far. Needless to say this is definitely the best VR Curling game (maybe even the only one?), and the best part is I don't even watch nor play curling. Only had one or two issues so far with the touch pads detecting input without being touched, but for all I know that could be a Vive thing. It's definitely a nice touch to add a sensitivity slider to them because that helps tremendously.  Physics aren't quite there in regard to the rocks being a little too alive sliding on the ice when they begin to slow down close to the house in my humble opinion, but they are tenfold better than I expected for a Vive game. Keep up the awesome work! Excited to see what additions come to this game in the future.
great, mindless fun!
While it is a short game, the atmosphere and sound is what makes it good. Eventually the monsters become more annoying than scary, but its still a good game none the less. Buy it on sale though. A bit steep in price for the length of game it is.
I'll admit that when I first started playing Deca I actually got a little upset with it. I lost a ton of progress because of the way the save system works and I was just really confused about what I was supposed to do. Once I came back to it, I decided to go into one or two rooms and then run back and save it to make sure I kept my progress. Once I adopted that strategy, everything started to go much better. I was able to uncover more of the story, I was able to figure out what I needed to do, and I was able to open up a good bit more of the map. It definitely has some scares and so far, has been really, really good. I'm excited to see where it goes.   If you'd like to see more or you're on the fence, I've started uploading a series to Youtube that you can check out and decide for yourself whether or not it looks like something you might want to try:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdFTzbhR3_M&list=PL08FwntTpxPAk5gyvdZK7o02zEV21LVKE
This game was pretty fun I must say. If I had to compare it to anything other horror game it would be Outlast. Same concept, You run from the monster, but the only issue is there is NOWHERE you can jump in except the safe room where you start, So you will find yourself constanly running all the way back there. You can however hide behind stuff, but you HAVE to be completely hidden or the AI will still see you. There are a few bugs with the AI seeing you through some walls, but that only happened a few times, but other than that, I had no issues, and the game is completely playable. I did a complete playthrough on my horror game channel if you wish to just watch the whole game! Merry Christmas! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDE4a7J1ZtE&t=10s
So I played this for a while and I went to load back in and my save file was missing. I'm a little frustrated about this. However the gameplay, the atmosphere was very creepy obviously a Outlast clone but It was a very good one.  7/10 for me.  https://youtu.be/AHV2GmZsD2Y
I wanna start this review off by mentioning the millions of outlast clones that fail miserably to capture the sense or paranoia and dread outlast gave the gaming community so many years ago. If you're looking for something oppressive and incredibly stressful then to be honest, YOU FOUND IT! This is the first game in a long time that actually captured the sense of dread you feel when trying to solve a puzzle while the AI is out hunting for you literally right outside your room. Player be warned the puzzles are very obscure. But fair. Also there are no autosaves so you will need to get back to the save point. So be aware of that. The graphics are up to par but not stellar. The minor irritation of this game mainly stem from the impossibility to actually survive long chases. Unlike outlast you don't have infinite stamina so if you're in a chase you're pretty much done. It is also pretty hard to juke an enemy from around a table. This can be frustrating, but I suppose it's fair if you're up for a challenge. 8/10 from what I've seen so far  Here's my gameplay https://youtu.be/ooryAvlJusc
It's a fast paced cooking game that requires the user to multi task a variety of activities to keep the customer happy. I love it so far and am looking forward to the new menu options.
Quite an interesting VR game in which you have to try yourself as a chef. You also need to pay attention to service to keep the customer happy. Variety of food isn't so big - hamburgers in a local cafe. In general, I can recommend, because the idea is quite good and deserves attention. 9/10
Uh. I'd rate this a kind of inbetween a yes and a no. The game runs well, but there are some problems.  P1. The throwing mechanics are just, awful. Try to throw a plate? It's going to break behind you. P2. The fryer is bad, when you put french fries in it, the fries are just going to phase through the bottom.  That's kinda all the cons, but some pros are:  It has a fun cartoony style  that lightens the mood. Everything except for the fryer is good.  So ima give this a 5/10, I'd say it's not worth the 20 bucks, but it was pretty fun. Bye!
12/22/18 EDIT: Live matchups were just released to the main build. Development is still going on and the Devs are very responsive on Discord. It's early access and bugs are being worked out as the game develops. I now recommend to anyone who wants to support the games development. As of recent the average number of players on is 4-7 per day. I'm sure these numbers will grow with time.   12/16/18 EDIT: At this point I do not recomend buying this game for casual players. It is in early access for a reason. If you want to support the work sure, go ahead and buy it. The 20 single player missions might last you a few hours. The "multiplayer" against recordings of other players has rediculous load times right now. They just released a beta version with live multiplayer and some critical features of the game dont work in the current version. Will make sure to update my review as things change...   First off the graphics are well done for a game with this play style. Single player is alright but later levels are quite easy once you find a good groove. I really enjoy multiplayer and can't wait for live matchups. I've had a few glitches but nothing too game breaking. I do wish there was a recenter view option (will be added supposedly). I am on oculus and my reset view doesnt work for this game. Multiplayer seems to be against recordings of other players at the moment. All in all it's fun to push yourself to find ways to get max efficiency while retaining accuracy. Is this game worth $20? Eh, closest comparable game is $15. Let's be honest VR is still a niche and it takes time and effort to create a polished VR game. As long as development continues and updates roll out this game has my support. Can't wait to see how the different types of food and online multiplayer develops.
its honestly not a bad game. reminds me of diner duo but i actually like this better. i prefer to cook for humans than robots. At its current state i dont believe its worth $20. It does have several bugs like picking up the plates can be a pain and adding drinks is not all their and cups disappear. I think at its full state and all the kinks worked out its maybe worth 20. I will recommend because it's still a good game.
A really nice game with a beautiful art style and fun gameplay. It's currently in an early development stage and the devs seem to be very dedicated and have been actively responding to players in the discussions. keep in mind that it is an early access project by an indie studio and many of the gameplay mechanics are work in progress with more updates and overhauls as well as additional content planned as the development progresses.
Finally a more "adult" game which doesn't look like it was made from the depth of deviant art.  The sprites and backgrounds are pretty high quality, although the animations are a bit stiff right now.  You basically get a playable showcase for now, just one character available without her entire moveset. Combat as of now is rather janky, your character has pretty long winds up and recovery - for instance the time before she's able to block after a hit is very long - while the enemies attacks are pretty much instant and their  hitbox lingers until the animation is done. The UI is in Chinese for now.  Doesn't really matter, but make sure you know it's indeed early access.  One note though, not sure if this is placeholder but the voice acting although english is pretty bad.  Buy for support, otherwise wait.
I was browsing through the specials tab on the Steam page, and came across Teleporters. The latter part of the game's name caught my interest, so I decided to check it out. However, I did not purchase the game until I found Maytroid a couple minutes later. I love Metroidvanias so I decided to buy this game. Playing this was a blast. The controls feel great, the bosses are really fun to try and beat, the whole game feels really fun. My only critique is that the game is incredibly short, the story reminds me of Sonic fanfiction, and there is very little to buy in the shop. Overall, I would definitely recommend Maytroid if you like Metroidvanias.
A pretty decent 2D platformer shooter, with light Metroidvania elements. Few powerups, and no real need to backtrack and explore previous areas with new abilities, makes it not quite a Metroidvania. Pros: Fairly challenging, well written and interesting plot. Cons: Short, and a couple of encounters are frustrating and felt like cheesing it was the only way to get past them.
Let me start out that I appreciate the old school difficulty of the level and the work that went behind this game, that being said there are a few flaws that frustrate me: 1) The platforming is clunky, just getting from spot to spot can be difficult and it becomes even more so when the terrain disappears and you are forced to kill the character and start all over; 2) the controls translation from keyboard to controller needs some tweaking, I can't access all of my weapons with the controller; 3) the artwork, while fantastic, shouldn't be censored, I was promised nudity and instead I get stars over the good bits. All in all I give the game a 3.5/5, which will definitely go up to a 5/5 when and if these issues are addressed.
Maytroid is a solid Metroidvania style run, slash, and shoot your way through the map game.  The story at times did leave a little something as there seemed to be a lot that simply didn't get answered within the game itself but made me hungry to dive deeper and hopefully discover whatever this or that meant.  Why they were there, how they got there, etc.  Gameplay wise combat had a little depth to it, but I wound up solving most problems by just shooting them til they were dead.  The puzzles and platforming were the real challenge for me and I enjoyed that.  If you'e a fan of the Metroidvania genre, then I believe you'll probably enjoy this one.  Pixelgreeds put more work into this then I've seen in games that cost ten times as much. (The price is 1.99 at the time of this posting.)  And for any who complain about the censorship, join Pixelgreeds Discord.  The patches can be found there.
Playing this after Geometric May I'm not quite sure what order these go in. As all the skills in Geometric May is power ups in this game. At least it prepared me well in advance to how this game would play.  Unless I missed something, this game has a lot less motivation for exploration than a regular metroidvania. The only thing to pick up is points, which can be used for gallery and powerups. Which you can get repeatedly from the same rooms if you want to. So I just went whatever route I found between the bosses until the game was cleared.  But this publishers games seem to be linked storywise so it creates a nice little world where you can get more if you buy more of the games. Which is a nice touch.  The gallery section is a vast improvement to the free to play geometrical may, making it a bit better investment now that this product cost money and isn't free. It is still not in any form amazing like the kind you can get in Visual Novels, but it is a nice bonus.  I played on the normal difficulty, and feel no need to play the game more. But there are two higher difficulties in the case that you'd enjoy the game and want to challenge yourself more.
I already played the predecessor and liked it quite a bit so I bought this game hoping to see how the story continues.  The gameplay is basically a metroidvania where you explore interconnected levels to advance. One difference is that the only collectibles are the "money" of the game. Additional powers are purchased in a shop or obtained by defeating bosses.  The game itself is rather short and the gameplay is a bit imprecise at times but overall enjoyable.  The only thing that annoyed me were the last 2 boss-fights.. there is challenging hard and cheap hard and these two sadly belong to the latter category. RNG bullet patterns (almost undodgeable) are something you shouldn't implement when the players moveset is so limited. Same goes for a gauntlet where you just throw in all the previously defeated bosses. I ended up cheesing my way though these battles.  The last part is the gallery (again): Like in the last game you can unlock a number of pictures of the girls in the game in naughty poses.. you can even download a patch to get nude versions of these pics if you want. Yet again this will repel many people from buying this game that is overall well done.
What are you doing reading this? you should be already buying this and become a  [i] m a n  o f  c u l t u r e [/i]  Pros: [list] [*]The gameplay is pretty smooth [*]Challenging bosses [/list]  Cons: [list] [*]No achievements regarding difficulty [/list]  Got this on sale, so, for the price I payed is a [i] nice game [/i]
Maytroid is a side scroller shooter, plays great, have untouchable outstanding animations and the best, sure, unlockable system, so you use the points you made during gameplay, to unlock amazing unlockables, and they also include refined sound effects that sounds like mozart on lions ears, definitively absolutely any sort of castlevania fan should enjoy this game quite a lot since this animations are just the best, really cool animations in this game, the ui is not the best, multiple tutorial windows at once but not the end of world by any means, there is a progressive system and great gameplay, for run for exemple you just need to walk for certain amount of time and you start to run, that is very good, easy to understand and adds challenge to the game, there is also ledge grab, not akward like in "prince of persia" super realistic way but its there and it works flawlessly, shooting have autofire, don't worry about button mashing for this one, I would say, the game have everything you see on the trailer, so if the trailer gets your atention, it really worth the time of any castlevania fan, I'm huge fan myself, I have completed "castlevania chronicles 1" and I know everything about it, I don't know about "metroid" but for castlevania fans its more or less similar, but I also don't know anything about "symphony of the night", so in other words, buy this game, I just told you its a good game, and have cool stuff, so... play the game.  +amazing unlockables +untouchable animations +over the top action +cool tricks you can do with the multi jump mechanic  10/10
Rough on its edges but worth its buck
(Ainsley voice) yehe boi
Noice gaem
Excellent game. Clearly a labor of love. One of the better 2 dollars I've ever spent.
Considering the games pornographic marketing and 2$ price tag I did'nt expect alot out of it, but Im a big metroidvania fan so I decided to give it a try and was far from disapointed. It really is a nice metroidvania, with hints of celeste thrown in, it definitely gets hard in places but you respawn in the same room you die in so it's never discouraging  and the game genuinely has some of the best platforming i've plaid in a while and the bosses are all really interesting. Also the story is surpriseingly deep, if your concernd about the porn dont be it's super non intrusive just hidden behind a gallery in the menu. Buy it, play it, it's 2$ give it a whirl
Enjoyable action platformer with tight controls. Has a difficulty select, nice addition to not be so brutal as Yissa. Confusing story. Nice gallery (perhaps not quite as nice as Teleportals). Fun stuff.
game is good, story isn't great, gallery is censored it's worth it just for the gameplay, platforming is pretty hard and has some interesting mechanics, bosses are interesting but not particularly difficult
its pretty gun worth 2 bucks
I bought this game for scientific research, and now I'm a man of culture as well. 
After last update, i can finally start the game, yay! XD And it's fun, simple but fun. Buy it, for this price it is totally worth it <3
Despite the odd title and relatively low price, this game is really well balanced with the uncensor patch, all things considered.  The graphics and music are surprisingly decent, and the story is ok and with relatively few typos if you bother to read it. There are also lewd pictures of the titular May and the bosses that you can unlock with credits (and not by losing to/defeating them, which is a nice change of pace compared to similar games). While pretty vanilla and unimpressive on their own, when considering the game's content in it's entirety and how insignificant they are to the story/gameplay, it's an understandable compromise.  The gameplay is actually really challenging on the Warrior (normal) difficulty, but luckily you can adjust the difficulty and the controls are tight (most of the time). Also, the game saves and creates a check-point every time you enter a room, which is convenient, considering how often you'll probably die during the more difficult segments.   Combined with how non-advancement upgrades (and the already-mentioned lewd pics in the gallery) are all bought with farmable money, you can teleport to previously-defeated boss rooms at any time, and that the entire map is visible from the get-go, the game is relatively stress-free despite the difficult platforming.  TL;DR: Commendably, "Maytroid. I swear it's a nice game too" sets a new standard on what you can expect from other games in it's price thanks to it's fun, challenging gameplay with decent length, pretty good assets and story, and the inclusion of H content.
Click for the bait, stay for the fun!  Indescribably solid game.  Good mechanics, inspired level design, rewarding difficulty. Different from Teleportals in a lot of good ways, the action flows easily.  This guy deserves a medal!  Lewdness is not in game, so the intriguing storyline and level-to-level flow is not interrupted. I fear the pics may dissuade some- but you can spend the points on upgrades instead of chick-pics!  Worth twice the price any day!
Maytroid is easily a fun platform game that's a steal for two dollars. While the keyboard mapping is odd at first sight it's easy to get adjusted to or change it in the main menu. As for the gameplay itself it runs like Contra or Metroid as your forced to combat enemies while platforming.  The thing that sets Maytroid apart is its nonlinear level progression in that there's many ways to reach certain rooms or bypass them all together. The inclusion of a story also helps in that it gives the main character personality making her more relatable even though her situation is bizarre. While I had some trouble following along at some points it was interesting enough to hold my interest.  85/100 I swear it's a nice game too  (No I did not spend 13 hours in game I accidentally left my computer running it) 
Pixel Greed (Dev) is a sweetheart and very nice guy, But Godamn do I cuss at him when I play this game. Fun game but Godamn does it piss me off!
This is a really weird game, to the point where I don't really know how to begin this.  The first thing that comes to mind when trying to describe this game is "obtuse". When I first statrted playing, I was completely confused as onto what the game was expecting of me. Sure, getting from point A to B is a simple enough objective, but, where am I going to, exactly? What am I aiming for, here? How do I know that I'm going in the right direction? But most importantly: what do all these things around me do and why are they there?  The game seems to be designed as some sort of metroidvania, however, backtracking is very limited and mostly useless, since you won't find equipment or useful items by going back to previous areas. In fact, the only reason why you'd backtrack is to find that one room that you could not pass through before and you don't know if it was because the game is hard as balls, or because you were lacking somethnig, since the game won't tell you whenever you have a new skill, nor what it does, and simply let's you guess.   And by "new skill" I mean, "you can now interact with a differently-coloured floating eyeball, which for some reason let's you do stuff, go figure out what that stuff is, though", which is really underwhelming.  The map seems to be separated in zones for reason, and certainly those zones look different, but that "different" offers no information nor anything valuable except for a slight change of background. The enemies are the same, the obstacles are the same, the puzzles are designed about the same ideas, etc.  Once you actually get the hang of what to do and how, the game is actually quite nice. Controls are tight, jumping feels good, and mechanics work the way they should. Though the game certainly doe sits best to lure the player into a death trap, most of the time death doesn't feel unfair, and instead shows that the player needs to rethink their strategy or simply get better. The problem here is that diffitulty has some really weird spikes. The first boss is harder than the second or the third, and some stages are notoriously more challenging than others that come at later parts of the game. Also, the game designer seems to think that players really, really want to get those extra souls that are on dangerous spots or extra rooms, but on my first playthrough I got more than enough souls to get all upgrades and more than half the gallery withou farming and without those souls, which makes the extra challenge a bit pointless.  I will still recommend this game because it's fun even with all its flaws, and because I think the developer deserves the chance to make more and better games. There's some real potential here, but it's still on the rough.
It's truu, this is a nicegame too.   Good level design. Nice mechanics. A few minor bugs. And 1$ price.  Waiting for next one.
Great game.   Cons: The gallery is gorgeous. Very interesting pixel art.  The controls are smooth. Rich moveset.  I liked most of the music tracks.   Pros:  Not everything is intuitive.  Begin with the "acolyte" difficulty. It may seem like an easy mode, but it's actually not. The dev didn't make it clear enough.
Game is nice. You just got to play it for some time for things to take off. Gallery and simple but nice graphics let you do this without any problems.   I really liked the game as a whole, the only thing is that during the first 15 minutes I was a bit confused about all that movements, locations, etc., but I suppose this is the way it has to be in an action metroidvania.   But after I got used to all the acrobatic tricks (luckily controls are great) and map, the game started to shine, loads of tricks allow you to do really cool things  + enemies also have abilities which turns battles into crazy fun  + interaction with the environment, for example, you can drop a hanging cube onto the enemy and tear it into pieces.  + different weapons allow you to choose a different play style.   Same with the plot – at start nothing is clear but in the end I felt a bit sad even though I am not that much sentimental.   Little tips for autists like me:  Red rooms on the map are rooms with bosses. The nearest boss (ninja) makes ball of speed boost (violet one) available  Crystal boss – trampoline  Desert boss – flight (black ball)   -!!Take HP as a first upgrade!!. Upgrades don't cost much.   -!!Choose Acolyte difficulty!!, that equals normal difficulty, I guess.   +you can farm points by killing monsters, so if you need some you can find room with lots of enemies (like a desert corridor level), kill them, then leave this room and enter again/ repeat.   All in all, 7-8 out of 10. I’d give one more point if there were more tips.  (considering cost of $2 it is 11/10)   In fact, game is not that hard, you just need to get used to it.  Recommended! (even for the full price)
From hat I have played so far, it's a good game. No more not less.  I am somehow not liking certain things with the controls and colision detection, not sure what exactly.  I currently am in the room where the blue laser chases you. and that room really sums up what s annoying me. first and foremost: IF I am running along the top of some falling platforms, not taking damage or having any other sort of delay, then I f*cking expect to not have some random block randomly starting to fall before I have f*cking crossed it!  happens quite randomly there, then I either (since I have the left arrow key pressed the whole time) fall beneth the next block and therefor into the spikes. or try to jump and hit the dumb spike ceiling also insta-dying.  And even if i manage to jump up back again onto the next block, that dumb b*tch just also starts to fall down before I can get back running (having left arrow pressed the whole time, so faster is impossible!)  And given that a certain laser and dumbf*ck owls are chasing me nonstop, stuff doesn't get easier either.  aside from that certain point, most of the game confuses me. there's tons of different stuff, not sure if it's a switch a jump refresher, an enemy or what-not.  some sections just downright confuse me, as I run in 1 direction for many rooms just to find a dead end.  ran from the first merchant eternities along one path, just to relaize after like 20 minutes that there's no way to advance there.  so went the other wway which brought me to above mentioned scenario.  what also kind of s*cks is that enemies have all kinds of freedom, there's the bird enemy that in some cases jsut doesn't stay dead, enemies that can move in any direction, multidirection shots and stuff.  While I can literally only shoot left and right, with my quite bad gun that takes quite some amount of hits to kill even 1 enemy.  shop offers different guns, for lack of money couldn't buy them all yet. but there don't seem to be any kind of upgrades,like shot speed or damage upgrade.   Not sure what I shoudl think of this game.  will play it, especially since it pisses me off with that certain coridor.  one thing I like is the story and the dialogues.  bu given how random I moved, I come to wonder of the next dialogues is triggered simply after entering a certain amount of rooms? so going back and forth between rooms would trigger all the dialogue?  story is good, but some things in the combat and platforming annoy me.  still are gonna keep playing. ain't gonna complain given it's price. maybe I am just doing something funadamentally wrong too, who knows? :-)
I swear it's a nice game too! Devil May Cry meets Megaman meets Metroid (hence the title combined with main protagonist's name) meets Hentai gallery. May with the help of his best friend Ron enters the world of horrible abominations in search of something or someone. There she encounters a strange woman who wants to escape the place... That's the premise of the story that will hook you for next several hours.   Gameplay. The game combines such elements as large skillset (something like Devil May Cry series has), interconnected world (reminds of Metroid series or Dark Souls 1), platforming (some moments took me back to Celeste) and visual novel style dialogues (the game is actually connected to the previous ones that the developer made so the we're starting to see the big picture). May has a vast skillset that allows you to be dominant on the battlefield - when mastered you can literally toy with Lovecraftian horrors. During the game's highlights it looks like a great spectacle action.   Boss battles remind a lot of Furi bosses, only with side perspective - battles are intense, there a lot of bullets, attacks are incoming from everywhere, you need to combine your ranged and melee attacks, perform certain moves to replenish your health in order to keep yourself alive. Boss battles are not a test of endurance, but rather quick battles between two (or more)  superheroes.  As for difficulty, there is an Acolyte mode and upgrade system that can help you if you're stuck in the game. But overall, on normal difficulty (that is called Warrior) I didn't have any problems beating the game. There are higher difficulties and even one called Maya Must Die (obvious reference to DMC; that's why the game reminds me of Devil May Cry in some departs) that I want to try out next.  Map system. In order to reach your goal, you must kill a boss and obtain the ability he provides. This ability will allow you to proceed further in the world (for example, violet balls that are floating in the air will greatly hasten your speed and black ones will give you access to a spirit form in which you'll be able to fly). Bosses can be killed in different order as having all the abilities is required only to enter the final section of the game. There are a lot of secrets and shortcuts if you're fan of exploring.  Story. Starting like a classic hero's journey it gets an unexpected twist in the middle and makes the finale sad in the way I don't expect from action stories - the characters often fall in the morally grey territory and make you (and you heroine) question your goal and the means you want to achieve them.  The gallery. Besides upgrading the protagonist, you can also spend points gained to unlock the pictures of partially or completely nude girl characters from the game (our heroine, bosses, side characters) like it was in a previous game of the developer. You gain a lot of points so it won't be a problem to unlock every picture and buy every upgrade in one run.  Overall, it's the absolute best game for the price it has. You won't see anything like that on Steam. 12 out 10!
A great mixture of action and exploration. Action makes you feel like a badass and gives you full control of main heroine May. The ability to explore the world in non-linear way made the world more immersive that worked extremely well in tandem with the story. Some story moments gave me shivers a lot of times (Miss Ao, I don't feel so good...). Best game of Pixel Greeds so far.  (Girls are even greater this time!)
I played this game in nearly all versions (as well as the other games and their versions in the series)  since it was released. I enjoyed the improvements it made on the combat system of the original, and the additions Dark Gaia made with the wandering enemies. The original game only had enemies appear when trying to solve (or having solved) a puzzle.   They also removed the healing basin that was present in every save room, which makes the playthroughs much harder, as you have to manage your supplies even more carefully than ever. Without the basin, I wasn't able to use my old tactic of bustin down doors and opening stuck drawers, and then retracing my steps to a basin to replenish my stamina to max again before tackling the next combat encounter.   In my opinion, nearly all the changes made to the version on Steam are welcome. Howevr, I do have two minor gripes. The original game was much darker (not in tone but lighting) than this version, and the abiltiies of the characters were alterd in a way that are more disappointing than interesting. John has gun with limited ammo and superior health, and Sara can save anywhere in the game (albeit a certain number of times) and can spot hidden supplies.   These are different than the original game, as both had no weapons whatsoever, John had more stamina and health, and Sara had less physical strengths, but could spot clues that helped her solve puzzzles. I liked the original character abilities, where one was far more focused on solving the puzles, and the other was focused on physcial prowess.   That's not to say the new abilties do not enhance those concepts, but adding a gun and the ability to save anywhere basically negates the rather tense moments and the Resident Evil-esque style of backtracking to save and heal yourself.   All in all, this game gets a solid thumbs up from me, but a second thumbs at 90 degrees for the gripes I have. By the time you finished reading this beast of a review, I hope I didn't ruin too many surprises about this game. If the third game is released (and there were two versions: One Night 3, and One Night 3 Full Cricle), I hope Dark Gaia takes care to read the reviews of the people who played the games, and considers their input carefully.  EDIT: As I reached the underground cave beneath the well, I found  a bugt that prevents you from completing the puzzle to open the drawer which holds the next key to progression. I don't know if the recent update caused this, or it's just a one-off, but this prevents me from finishing the game altogether.   Also, in the cabin, when the demonic dogs spawn, I found you can just leave the room and walk all the way back to the manor without fighting them. However, they will continune to follow you throughout the backyard, until you go into the house. From what I recall in the original game, you were trapped in that room and forced to kill the monsters before you could leave. I'm not sure if the option to simply leave is intentional or not.
I didn't play the first One Night so I wasn't sure what to expect out of this but it turned out to be pretty good so far. I got jumpscared several times and for a 2D game it's definitely got some great atmosphere. I can't comment on the series as a whole but this particular game I've really enjoyed and if you like these types of games, I think there's a lot to like here. I made a video for what I've played of it so far if you want to check it out:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8Uqb0fyf-A
good thing to support these good devs with
Nice skin We need more DLCs
If they released this skin free, then I would have no where to donate my money to the developers. And that would make me very sad because they deserve every penny. Let's be honest I'm being selfish, because I feel like every penny I give these guys, I get 10 back. So buy this skin so the devs can continue to give us such quality content!
Make it an item on the steam market so I can start stockpiling them.
i would happily throw money at radical fish games without any benefit for myself. but for some super cool skin as well? take. my. damn. money.
ninja
Shut up and take my money!
(DLC rating 7/10) Nice skin, but doesn't include the shuriken skin and custom animation for Lea Jumps (Both backers content)  Also during cutscenes and a few animations (like getting an upgrade) she will change back to the base skin for a moment.
Steam was broken and not letting me buy it so I had to wait until the next day to get it. Worth the wait. Why? Cuz Ninja Skin. 'Nough said.  9/10 Needs more smoke bombs.
Yesssss take all my money devs, this game is my life
bought and pleased
A token of support (literally, given the price) for those humble guys that made a really nice game. I wish they could collaborate with Concerned Ape, in the future.
I bought this because I want to thROW MORE MONEY AT THEM  PSidonteventliketheskinlmao
Now Lea's running animation makes sense!
Tiny DLC for a tiny price.
oh yes its very nice and very cheap and very worth it to support the devs
A great skin for a great game!
As soon as I saw the announcement I thought I'd buy it it it was cheap enough. Well, it is! It costs less than 10% of the game's price, so why not?  If you also needed a reason to throw money at the devs so they make more awesome games like this, here is one.
Gotta support the devs that do right by their craft and community. I'll gladly send a buck(ish) their way.
Just a little bit extra to support the devs. I don't even really care about the skin. Looks cool regardless
Hell yeah! Time to play Lea as a ninja!
I was jealous of the Indiegogo Backers for so long; this is such a wonderful purely cosmetic skin, and I'm finally glad that not only I now have it, but the price is very reasonable.  As a reminder, this is strictly cosmetic and offers no gameplay advantages; buy it if like me you adore this game and want to support the developers.  [h1]10/10[/h1]
Aww yee, ninja time.
I purchased this not only because I love the skin but also because I wanted another way to support these developers. Keep doing great things guys!
Dear Developers,  just take my money and make more excellent games like this!
It's slightly disappointing that her dialog avatar doesn't change to reflect the new garb. You definitely want to see her full face during some of the convos so those are worth keeping.  This is a great little costume to make Lea look almost as deadly as she is. Anyone who wants to play this game longer than 30 seconds should get this.
Thank you devs for making this awesome game. So much talent in all aspects of the game! Take my money and keep up the great work.
The best Christmas gift.
Bought For Support for such an Amazing Developer and the game created and supported since Early Access. 
Saw the notification the second this went up and had to grab it. Looks great and provides another opportunity to support this amazing game! (Especially if you missed the kickstarter, like myself)  $0.99 ninja Lea! Why not?
I just wanted to write the first review.
i always wished i could play as a cute, feminine, mute ninja. this dlc gives me the chance to do that. 10/10
Ended the game in 1h xD 
6/10
Pics are somewhat underwhelming, but puzzles were hard enough. At least untimed mode exists :)
Easy 100% achievements.
This is a rather hard "Spot the different" game between two equally 'meh' images of the same girl.  Isn't bad but it should be more bought for the enjoyment for your mind and not your crotch. 3/10.  An okay game and even knowing I did pay for it, I am glad that the group Nukige suggested trying it.  They have some good game options and worth checking out.
These girls are not my type. I'm here for the hidden object game. 5/10
I love this game so much!!! <3 10/10 I wish there were more levels! ^^
Good game, very good... FOR 1 HOUR))))))))))))))))) Realy, very good game
⭐⭐⭐⭐
Cool game! Not incredibly complex or tricky, but some of the puzzles require more time than you'd think. The combined use of locks, keys, and transmitters made for a few really interesting levels. The last set of puzzles missed the mark by requiring very little thought, but it was enjoyable overall. It is a rather short game, so don't expect a whole lot out of it. My advice is to enjoy the game for what it is! 3/5
Nice little puzzle game. Good concept too.
Nice Game :) after some trying i found my favorite Way.  Infiltrate the station throug The Myrmidon. Descend into the metro. Don't intervene. Let the mysterious woman out of the pod. Follow the stranger's lead. Help the stranger. Help Lenore destroy Nova-8. Hear her out. Tell her to stick it where the sun don't shine. Surrender. Focus fire on two, while Nyles zaps the others. Go! Stop her once and for all. Promise to hide Lenore. Maybe.
This is a fine little science-fiction visual novel. It's very tropey and pulpy but you may like that sort of thing.
So far I have only played 10 minutes, but I will be playing more. The game adds a unique story line to the game which you don't see very often in the see type of games. There are two modes which I like because you can decide if you would like to practice with the tank before choosing story. I personally like the colours that are chosen for this game. A+ Termite Farm.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfTV7jwSC14
Interesting concept, I give you that...   Just enough trees, good enough distance with fog. Enemy (or other "players") are set on Patrol Duty, they will NOT persue you, but shoot you when spotted. You hear the shooting noises, but when you hear the shouting, then you know they have spotted you. Not sure how the AI is scripted here, but it feels like they circle themselves in a patrolling route around you.  For so far I have found a shotgun, a pistol, an assault rifle and a "sniper" rifle (which scope doesn't work like it should, a big bulky thing in your screen, taking almost 50% of your vision).  Oh and I found a fox!!!! But it got scared of me and ran away... :(  5 THINGS NEED TO BE FIXED: - Make the sniper rifle take less of the screen and fix it's "zoom" function, it's just a crappy thing or move it entirely, I am good with either of these two options... - When you are "zoomed in" with your weapon and go to flashlight or map, you stay in "zoomed in" - this should not be happening at all - Running speed; I think it could use a little bit more speed - Options menu; to turn off the BLOOM effect would be really nice, there is too much light in this state. - When you move, there is too much motion, like for motion-sickness? The blurry feeling? Take that away and the game is suddenly 50% better! :-)  NOTE: I bought the game for 0,39 cents, for only the concept and in the state how it is, I think it's not that bad. For recommendation value, if the developer adds more levels, like a night map (so the flashlight makes more sense), different biomes maps (jungle/desert/snowy/forest)  it might become more interesting.  Due of the date, when this game came out, I recommend this game, in the hope the developer makes some updates and more maps.
Great artwork, charming story with a few unexpected twists and turns, I must say I enjoyed playing this. This game needs a gallery mode and a bunch of the (beautifully drawn) could get more screen time. Looking forward to DLC/Sequel/Patch.  + Great visuals Charming story Easy to play through  - Few choices feel like they matter Later half of the game lacks puzzles Some puzzles and story choises lack logic
Nice
Sigh...Yeah the story is interesting and plot seem to stem out to multiple small endings. The visual art is good and decent where it doesn't exaggerate the female body. The game can be grinding when it comes to gold but it is tolerable; especially with console commands. The adult fantasy sexual content is pleasing and can be exciting with a couple of characters. However, I've played this game's original form before it came to steam, and I can't help but feel disappointed. There is a lot of content from the original that was cut out, and the story feels shorter than the original. I notice some missing sexual content scenes which were not included here. If you are new to the game of its existence, give it a try the story is really good. Although, if you a person who has played the original form of this game and was hoping to get something new in the steam version, I wouldn't really recommend it. I would give this game 3/5.
Came for porn, stayed for story. Also played drunk so yeah.  +good fap material and okay story if you care -+visual novel style/point and click -lots of reading and some minor puzzles/farming gold, or resources  3/5 Would fap again
Fun, fast paced, arcade style shooter. Easy at first, but has a good difficulty curve that presents a challenge in later waves. Brings back the nostalga of old flash games like Boxhead. Great if you are looking for 10-20 minutes of casual entertainment. Not a TON of content, but for the price you really cant go wrong. Get this if you like casual gaming, gore, and nostalgia for old flash shooter games.
Cool music. Diverse, if uninspired, enemies to fight. A variety of weapons to use. Wave after wave of dudes to kill. You should be able to choose whether to pick up weapons OR be able to switch between them.  https://youtu.be/k80pOB2FtAU
good game
pew pew 5/5
GOTY Legacy Pack is the only thing that is actually worth it’s price in the whole damn HITMAN Franchise. GOTY Legacy contains about six missions plus the Patient Zero missions. So it’s really great.   DLC Price: 72/100 Base game Price:46/100 Graphics: 100/100 DLC Content: 98/100 DLC Quality: 100/100
downloads 32gb validates then repeats like 8th time now?? any suggestions
Gud game
it wont let me get the upgrade pack
nice
What can I say ALL Season 1 content plus The Patient Zero Bonus campaign remade with Hitman 2 graphics...  F*ck yeah more goodness to rock out, thank you very much!!!  I've never played season 1 or patient zero so its even better for me, been looking forward to this :D
I loved the story for this game.  Normally with games like Hitman, I am usually all about finding unique ways to take out my targets.  However, the story has a way of dragging you in, and I liked the way season 1 ended.  It made me want to dive right into season 2 just so I could uncover more.  I highly recommend playing through season 1.  It was simply wonderful.
I like the DLC but the show stopper and world of tomorrow froze on the loading screen.
Reccomend it but i didn't get any of the 3 weapons
Good
Definitely would recommend this pack. Brings Hitman back to what it was supposed to be.
A must if you buy Hitman 2.
Very nice IOI remastered the game !!
[b] good deal [/b]
ok
I was a big fan of Hitman 1 and as soon as I heard about the GOTY Legacy Pack, I knew I was gonna buy it. Because I had only owned season 1 on PS4, I had to buy it but for 20 € I think this is a good deal, especially with Hitman 1 still being 50 € and not going on any sales in the last days. All of the maps are really fun and have a lot of replayability. You can basically do what you want and are only limited by the points system. (which I sometimes completely ignore) I like that Hitman lets you completely defy the point of the game and doesn't give you any "mission failed" screens like for example the Assassins Creed games.  If you already played it you won't get a whole lot of new things or changes in the map. The addition of hiding in groups of people or in foliage is pretty interesting, but is not used as often. They also added the briefcase, in which you can hide large weapons. I actually like that they did not change too much, because I was a little afraid that some opportunities would become too easy with these additions, but luckily they were used pretty sparingly. The map that was changed most was Colorado, which has a lot of foliage added in some areas. I did notice a few bugs, and the game crashed twice. My largest criticism of both this DLC and Hitman 2 (and the Original as well) is that you can't unlock anything while you're offline, which is completely stupid, due to this being a single-player game. If you have some trouble with your internet connection, the game will pause whithout fail and will only let you continue when you reconnect.  Overall I think this is a great deal for the price (especially for those who already own Hitman 1 and does deliver some interesting change to the maps, but not so much that it makes it feel like a completely different game.
I played the first iteration of Hitman. I had the full experience. But for supporting the devs, I bought every DLC even if I had it already.
not bad for 5 bucks, not worth more than that.
Vicky 3 was worth the wait
get a job hippies
to be honest... i absolutely love this DLC and would recommend it to others.  The ability to play as a Pirate Republic in small islands or even go to the Caribbean and play as your favorite pirate republic from the New Providence in the Bahamas to Port Royal in Jamaica. It put me into a new perspective something ive been looking for in this game for a while instead of just playing as every nation and conquering the whole world... (ULM is the mightiest of nations)  It adds more units, an awesome flagship mechanic which is better than the vanilla flagship mechanic which you get through an event.  the bad parts, its only a Pirate Republic, looking down the government focus tree seems more like its stuck in a republic, (i am still playing and trying this out) as there is one option to be a pirate king but i don't know yet if that makes you have a king or an elected king.
Skip a 6-pack and buy this dlc instead. Your body will thank you.
combined with content pack is really cool.
plainly, i bought golden century because i heard you could play as a pirate, id spend $10 bucks for that any day.
For ten bucks, the unit packs alone are worth this.  I"m not going to disagree that the spain update is woefully lacking in spain, but I don't think that makes this a bad buy. Flagships are cool, pirates are cool, more unit sprites are cool.
Its ok
Look I feel bad. I am aware of it. This is not enough content. Okay, this was a waste of money, but Paradox, Paradox is my crack daddy, my sloughtastic burger monger, my -- okay I was bored and I wanted to test out the pirates and as a real 3x1k (yes that should sum up my vidya life if you know what that means) I have to buy all Paradox DLC. It's just my life  It's now or never I ain't gonna live forever I just want to live while I'm alive (It's my life) My heart is like an open highway Like Frankie said I did it my way I just want to live while I'm alive It's my life  It's ten bucks. That's not a lot of money. This or some stupid internet stuff. At least this lasts kind of for a bit of time compared to ten bucks in ether.
I would endorse this immersion pack as a DLC whose ideal price would be when it's on sale, as while it does add new features for you to enhance your EU4 experience, especially when attempting to establish a colonial empire, it can at times feel underwhelming or immersion breaking depending on where you play.  So, let's start with some of the better things included in the DLC.  For one, the increased focus on naval combat is very much appreciated, making it something better worth investing in, especially with brand new flagships, which offer greater naval bonuses that can apply to your whole fleet, and which you can customize from additional guns, reinforced hulls, a taller crow's nest for greater combat width, etc.  However, I it's still not at a point where I'd say maritime or naval ideas are really worth it unless you plan on making an island fortress empire.  Another great feature though is expulsion, which is a great mechanic that allows you to expel any minorities in terms of culture/religion who may be giving your core empire problems, and send them to the new world (can't expel them to African or Asian colonies, just new world), getting them a new home and out of your hair.  However, I feel that if it is possible, the AI countries should have their tendency to use this based on their history, as at times it has led to plays where the AI is genius, but it can seem game breaking.  For example, when Spain inherits the Netherlands from Burgundy, check back in on this territory in about 75 years, since they'll make it full cores, and ensure all of the Dutch are not in Amsterdam, but New Amsterdam, leading to an incredibly powerful Spain since the Dutch War of Independence never fires, and since they buddy up with Austria, they'll just get to keep it, weakening your chances at a strong HRE if you plan on playing in it.  Honestly though, I'd say the best changes are to the Barbary Coast, whose primary powers, Tunis and Morocco, finally get their own ideas and mission trees, finally cementing them as regional powers who have a better chance at competing with their Iberian counterparts.  Now let's talk about the underwhelming stuff, starting with what sounded like it was going to be one of the coolest government types ever: pirate republics.  Honestly, if you wanna roleplay as the criminal empire, go right ahead, it can be fun, but overall... it's not that great.  For one, you won't have any estates, exchanging it for factions kind of like the ones you'd have as the emperor of China.  Because of this, you may get some bonuses, as well as occasional events to aid you in your endeavors, but nothing like 150 monarch points every 20 years, the ability to call up a great general or admiral, etc.  Overall, they're only real advantage could be the ability to raid and better privateering capabilities, as well as some unique reforms, but other than that, there isn't too much.  Another feature I'd say is kind of underwhelming is the holy order concept, simply because it's just restricted to Iberian nations, limiting how often somebody will actally get to utilize their bonuses.  Maybe if any nation could get these by fitting some requirements, then I'd say it's worth it, like if you complete religious ideas, if you pick a certain reform, or maybe associate with a government type.  As for the textures and designs, I'd say it's up to the player as to whether they like them and if they're needed.  Personally, I enjoy having a greater variety of unit appearances in my game, so it's kind of a bonus if you want that.  Other than that though, as well as the features listed above, I would recommend this immersion pack to anyone who asks.  However, I'd include a caveat saying this is something whose value is in more accordance with an on-sale price of about $5, as while it is enjoyable, it's features only be utilized depnding on location, with only holy orders reserved for Iberia, flagships offered for coastal nations, expulsion for colonial empires looking to the Americas, and nothing really for a land-locked German duchy in the HRE.
pirates seem cool  its not too bad, would be better at about £4.50 not £7.19.
I see a lot of hate on this dlc, BUT! Personally i really enjoy it! And it's one of those more cheap dlcs! Never had more fun than now with Spain!  I Reccomend buying it if you want to play Spain once again and have fun with it
good
Well, this DLC lets you deport minorites you dont want from your country.
I actually enjoyed it. Although Spain can be boring with new missions it is at least tolerable!
I basically paid 10 bucks for a bug. 10/10 would get fucked by Paradox again.
It's ok. Calm down.
Its just another unit-mission tree pack, I like it as soain seemed like a undevolped area with the Brittanica update.
The new colony thing is very cool. I am positive just for this.
I think there's been a lot of overreaction here. Sure, this DLC doesn't overhaul the entire Iberia region dramatically, but that's not the point. As someone who loves playing in Iberia and has several hundred hours in the region, this pack adds a bunch of flavor to the region that make it a lot more fun. Flagships are a great feature, missions are excellent, the new province density is good, orders add more regional flavor, and pirate nations are a bunch of fun and add a whole new playstyle. While not everything is perfect - Portugal needs buffed so it doesn't ahistorically get invaded by Morocco and provides a real rival for Spain, for example - overall this DLC is the best immersion pack yet.
Bought from pure loyalty, but its shit
Literally only bought it to deport minorities to America... If u dont like minority religtions/cultures plagueing your country or just dont care about a long sustaining colony then i'd give it a buy
I have been playing a new game as Spain and so far I've loved the whole expansion. In the past I felt like colonizing was missing that flavor of expulsing minorites, but now it feels just right. This DLC probably isn't best for everyone, I recommned buying it if you do love to play in the iberian peninsula. I know I'm getting my money's worth out of all the play time I sink into Iberia.
Despite the popular opinion being against this mod, I speak in favor of it. While I understand and agree with the sentiments that this DLC focuses too much outside of Iberia and doesn't add enough content, I would argue that it adds more than enough for its price tag.  Further, it doesn't add anything that you can't live without having. This is contrary to a lot of expansions and even immersion packs, which had features that would detriment you if you did not own said DLC. This DLC does its job well - it does provide flavor, mechanics, and intrigue to Iberia and areas associated with it, and while it may not be perfect, it also includes the content pack (Music and units) for only $10.  If you want more flavor in Iberia, you can buy this for a relatively low price. If you don't care, you don't buy it, and your gameplay isn't impacted negatively. That's a plus to me.
Santiago y Cierra, España!!!
eu4 is so good that i will always buy every expantion...
It's good, Iberia needed an update
I love minorties especially the ones I send to the west indies
So much fun playing as Blackbeard :)
Vamonos amigos, we must exploit the natives.
This DLC wouldn't have been worth the usual 20 €... Good thing it's not 20 but 10... And it's as good as advertised as far as I'm concerned... However, at this point people just enjoy hating on PDX - and that IS kinda your fault guys...  But to be fair - you see reviews talking about the "good old days" of 1.25 and here I am thinking, wow, I really liked Dharma/1.26 - the religion shit was kinda annoying but I got over it and they fixed it with the Religious Ideas finisher anyways. And then Poland as well/1.27 - obviously it made Poland OP as fuck and all that - but I kinda like the idea that the Commonwealth, which I never got to see usually becuase Muscovy/Ottoblob always WRECKED Poland/Lithuania, is actually a superpower like it was at that point in history... *stops ranting* So then I realise... I kinda just don't agree or indeed care about these "reviews"... I'm still gonna buy this shit. And I did. And it's just what I expected of it... I'm sorry you want more...? And I'm sorry for those who complain about historical accuracy and all that... But as far as I'm concerned... It's worth what I payed for it.  And I personally don't need some other "grandiose" reason to endorse this :P
It's good
Great immersion pack, well worth ten bucks.
I wasn't even going to buy this DLC until I saw the ridiculously negative and unfair reviews for it. You have people in this review section saying that the Iberian DLC barely touched Iberia. What the fuck does that mean? What more could you ask for? They gave unique mission trees for the countries not only in Iberia, but the Maghreb as well, added new unit models for them, and introduced several new mechanics centered on the region. What else could you possibly be expecting for $10?  They even went out of their way to apologize to the community for this "lackluster" DLC and said they'd try to respond to community feedback better in the future. What do they get in return? People here, with their shit-eating grins, unironically saying that this DLC should've been cheaper than $10.   These, I'm sure, are the same people who are petty, stingy, and pathetic enough to get mad at the devs for announcing that they're making previously pay-walled features free, because "I paid money for this, why should anyone get it for free?" Well, you entitled urchin, you can crawl back to whatever vitriolic echo chamber you spawned from, because unlike you, Paradox is trying to improve their games for those that actually play them, instead of people like you who spend all your time shitposting on Reddit and bitching about anything and everything.
All these Neagtive Nancys, It's a good DLC with 50+ hours of content be happy that this is an improvment from Dharma. They could've left Iberia alone but now they got flayva
Ignore the community- just a bunch of nerd rage. Actually pretty good for the price and similar in nature to Rule Brittannica, Third Rome, and Mare Nostrum.
There is nothing wrong with this DLC, I like the new changes and music too. These people moaning are either very poor and feel the need to buy every DLCs they find, or they live on the moon and think anything is free in this world... I am personally ok with Paradox and its monetize policy and price. Keep up PDX, don't lose your faith in this community you are the only company left for me to trust.
This dlc is well worth the price, you get a new unit models, new mechanics, new government form, many new nations and tiles, several mission trees, a minor naval overhaul and a couple other things.
YOU ARE A PIRATE!
"Minority Expulsion" Best DLC so far
It isn't much worse than other EU4 DLC. Maybe a bit feature light, but honestly could have gotten less.
I really like the Flagship feature, please change it so we can make more than one Flag Ship (other than through war)
The features in this pack are great. The pack is worth my money, especially in combination with the free patch.
It's pretty fun I like flagship and the orders thing. Castille is pretty fun to play now.
If expelling minorities doesnt sell you I dont know what will.
First impressions of this immersion pack are very good. Played Castile, allied Portugal and France and went with my usual strategy of vassalising Navarra. Within a year, my royal marriage suddenly ended with Navarra and they became a junior partner with Aragon. England and Portugal then went to war with France over Maine, and then Aragon declared war on Tunis and its allies, including Granada. All this before I could complete the Prepare Reconquista mission!
Basically just more of the same thing you've been spending $10-20 every six months for since the release of EU4.  If you're enough of a shmuck to keep buying them then you know exactly what you're getting.
I'd reccomend this for the expulsion of minorities feature alone - faster, cheaper culture conversion AND it builds your colony much faster! Is it worth the money however? Probably not if you don't play as colonisers and especially not if you don't play in Iberia. This is one of the DLC's that would be best picked up on sale - you're not missing much without it.  There is not too much flavour for Iberia, the Castillian civil war is still awful - the exact same as before, and the Iberian wedding is also the same. These are some missed oppurtunities that they could have fleshed out to make more exciting.
PLUS ULTRA FOR THE GLORY OF SPAIN I SHALL CONQUER THE NEW WORLD LIKE MY ANCESTORS BEFORE ME
This is the best immersion pack to date.  Pros - Awesome new music - Nice unit pack - Flagships - New missions - Makes Portugal fun to play  Cons - Negative reviews
I have gotten infected with the rare disease called "GiveParadoxMoney"
OK price, intereting new mission tree for Iberian nations, + sending miniorites to colonies
DLC about Portugal?? Have my money! Fastest PDX purchase I've ever done
+can send minorities to your colonies  -can't send minorities to Siberia
Peasants, gather and behold as Paradox enters into its Golden Century! /s  On a serious note, buying it because the Spain overhaul was long overdue. Other than that, I've kind of quit EU-IV because the game's gotten too shallow for me. Is this pack worth it? Pretty much, yeah, imo. Is the game worth it? Not quite sure since Stellaris and HOI might be a lot more promising in the long run.
I can't leave my port with my ships in 1518 as Hispaniola when I start start the game there because they don't have knowledge of the area right outside off the port where the ships are, that is a bit anoying.
I am a simple man; if I see a new Europa DLC, I buy it. Always.  I am what is wrong with this genre but I do not care because I'm rich, biatch.
First! It's cool af
Haha got'em 👌👌
Good pack. Great game. Must have for players who like playing as colonist contries Отличный immertion pack. Мастхев для тех, кто любит играть за колониальные державы
Multibyte DLL (NG) What does that suppose to mean?
Take my money, Paradox.
Hi, same guy that reviewed "Don't." as soon as the DLC dropped. That was of course a joke. I just want to say that this is an immersion pack, not a proper DLC, and it certainly adds more than Rule Brittania or Third Rome did, so if you had no problem buying those, then you'll have no problem buying this. It adds a tons of cool and value-worthy mechanics and flavor. Only downside is Portugal got mostly ignored, which is saddening. Hopefully we can get a "Portugal Update" here soon. To those of you who are just salty that it doesn't completely overhaul colonization, keep fucking dreaming, love. To revamp colonization to even semi-accurately be realistic/immersive, they would need to rebuild the game from the ground up. That's an EU5 change, so you'll get what you seek...in 3 years probably. If you like colonizing and/or playing in Iberia/North Africa, just fucking buy it. It's 10 buckaroos for a lot of good stuff. Love you PDX.  Signed, Santa Claus.
Great game.
Well so far its a lot of fun. I would recommend this game. The art work is awesome and it is a good hack and slash. Well worth it from my opinion. 
So this game is a side scrolling combat-platformer, in the same vein as Castlevania, the main difference between the two is this game has a progression system which unlocks additional abilities, weapons and magic for the player. If you're like me you've seen a lot of games like this come and go on steam, but I feel like this game has something special, definitely worth the $10.  This game is HARD, there are no difficulty options for you to select and the game does not hold your hand at all. Which is a good thing in my opinion. The combat system feels pretty responsive and satisfying. The artwork is awesome.    My only criticisms of the game are pretty minor. It is obvious English is not the first language of the developers, and perhaps a little more time need be spent on localization. Often-times the narration will be far ahead of the subtitles during story moments, which is bothersome.   Overall, within the genre I give it 8/10
Honestly, the game has a lot of potential, but there are some obvious flaws.  First, the balance is just broken. Uppercut is completely overpowered, it's really fun to use, but kinda makes the basic encounters too easy. I think so far there are only 3 enemies in the game. Every one of them can be juggled for eternity.  The wolves are the only ones that are a real threat, because of their ability to deal enormous damage in a short period of time with their fast attacks, sometimes they may be frustrating to face. I haven't beaten the second boss yet, but I feel like it has attacks that aren't well telegraphed + weird hit boxes. Parrying feels really weird, having to press the button when the attack starts and not when it connects. Magic also seems pretty useless. Executions don't feel satisfying, but kinda clunky. Platforming is fine for the most part, but the hazards like the guys on the poles, or the blood geysers are toatally unecessary and slow down the flow of the game. So far I've only found one bug, but a really annoying one. When using Blood Rush, sometimes after it is finished I wasn't able to move at all, I had to quit to title.  Great job on the graphics, tho. Boss music is awesome, but the track that usually plays gets monotonous really fast. Depsite the issues, I can't say I'm not having fun. It's still early access and the devs seem really cool. I'm looking forward to the updates, because you can see some love put into the game. As of now, I'd say it's worth 10$ and you should check it out,
I'm really enjoying the game so far. It has some great visuals, an awesome soundtrack and fairly difficult challenges.
Good game for small price, if you like to challenge yourself try this.
Hard game
the graphics are definitely nice. It's a bit short but i had fun playing it. Altough i don't see why the "startegy" tag is there. It's more of a puzzle-plateformer
I loved it! That's great game and entertaining, fascinating. I playing in mac and really good graphics. And thank you I'm waiting for more episodes.
This is a really good speedrunning title.  First about the normal game as casual game: The movement with the pixel swordman feels pretty good and fast. The game is hard if you play it for the first time. The maps are good designed and you find many new paths. There's a nasty death system in Prixel :) You have three lives, if you die three times you will be reseted one level beffore. The music is good but the sfx will annoy a few people.  Speedrunning aspects: I am the first runner for that game, so, first time pathing is fun. The skillcap is not that high like other titles but its high, because the actual game should represent just the first chapter. And there will come more powerups. After a bit of practice you will be able to do the levels without much fails, but one little mistake and you are death, and dying is a big timeloss. The endboss is currently by far the hardest thing in the run. I needed overall 13 hours gametime to do a run with a time of 3:43rta (3:20gt).   There are issues in the game, espacially as a runner, (IGT, soundsettings, controlsettings, restarting for new run, little bugs) but its Early Access and the developer will work on it :) I'm looking forward to the release of the finished game!  Here is my run, but you should not look this if you want to play the game. (spoiler) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzBLYRyJOhw
Alright so after a couple of hours plus into this I can definitely say that since the recent patch that this game is way more playable, as the hitbox collision was quite a bit off. That being said I will say that the input during gameplay is very responsive and gets the job done. Sometimes you may need to double back a movement or two with quick reflex and there are no restrictions when it comes to that which is good, because in some cases you need to run and not every battle is easily fought, especially if you've reached an area that you haven't been to. Now there is one issue that happened quite a bit since the patch though, and that was that sometimes after slashing you tend to freeze animation frame literally to the point where you can't attack like the image index gets stuck. It happened every now and then however I'm sure that kink will get ironed out. Once you get the hang of the physics and realize what you can and can't do, the game is actually pretty fun. Music is decent, game is fluent (besides the workable issue stated above), definitely fast-paced, very addictive once you find your niche in the angle you approach the level design. I look forward to future updates and I can see this really taking off on the streaming side of things, especially for the folks that rage out like Dashie, (once said attacking issue gets resolved). Keep an eye out for the next patch if you are hesitant about purchasing just yet, however the game is fun, and worth the chance, with great support as long as you pass the info along (can't fix what you don't know is broken). Dev is quick to respond.  Notes for the Dev: When I live streamed last night one of my viewers noted a couple of things  that actually would enhance the gameplay quite a bit and I wanted to share them:  1. Have the bosses flash different colors so you know that they are taking damage  2. Enemy Knock-back when hit 3. A stamina meter that way if you can't swing you'll at least know you won't (if that's a thing) 4. Signs giving you tips for upcoming bosses, maybe near the shackled skeletons.﻿  Purely cosmetic suggestions, nothing more. But definitely the frame issue where you can't attack must be addressed.  Grytis, Thanks for all that you do! Cheers! 
I'm so damn stoked for this game!  I loved playing Star Flight II as a kid and loved playing its spiritual successor, Star Control.  The story is great, but I think a lot of people don't "get" the game - fortunately, Stardock does.  Star Control isn't about tons of fights (although you can)...it's a fun/funky kind of game.  It's like if Terry Pratchett wrote a video game.  It's all about finding the easter eggs, exploring, and just imagining the universe.  I understand the people who say "Wow...this expansion is small", but is it really?  Did you just follow the main objectives or did you take the fight to the Scryve and explore the space that was cleared after the end of the first game?  Did you find all the stuff?  Make friendly with The Measured?  It's not such a short expansion if you do.  Now, hopefully, Stardock will build on to this universe with new quadrants and entire new quest lines, but for those who think they finished, did you get all of this...?  https://imgur.com/gallery/nj1E3qi
Star Control 2, is the reason I’m a pc gamer. My brother and I so loved playing SC 1 on our Sega Genesis, when I went to the local comic book store and saw Star Control 2 for sell and found out it wasn’t being ported for Sega or Snes. I promptly bought a copy before even owning a pc. We had an Apple II E as our family computer, with its glorious green monochrome screen. I started saving up as slowly built my first PC, A Intel 386dx 40, 4mb RAM, 40mb hard drive, Sound Blaster audio card and my superfast 512k Trident video card.  Star Control 2 was well worth the wait. I use to have a tradition and replay it every few years.   Star Control Origins brings back all that nostalgia and fun I felt.  It stays true to the feel and story. I can’t wait to play the new content the DLC will bring.
Really enjoyed it. Wish Aftermath was longer though. Looking forward to the next expansions. If Stardock does this properly,. Would love to see a whole universe develop in multiple games.
Great DLC that picks up after the main quest, enjoyable start (part 1) to the season pass
I had to buy this almost as soon as it was available, because as far as I'm concerned, Reiche and Ford make the best games AND the best DLC.
Some interesting new content, however, I'm a bit disappointed in the length.   The first installment of this DLC can be done in about 2-3 hours.   Basically a handful of new star systems (10 or so)  with either some associated mini quests or in a few an item or resources.   Let's hope they get these out in quick succession.     If they'd let me, I'd give this a neutral rating.  You'll have to decide for yourself if this amount of content is worth the asking price.   I'll give it a positive rating, but in actuality it's just "ok".  
Does having more reviews boost a game's appearance in the steam store?  Because that is exactly what I want to do for this game.  It needs MORE recognition.  This is a short little gem of a horror game.  I swear I spent more of the VN laughing than I did scared.  It takes a lot of twists and turns and the characters are ridiculously nuanced for the game's length.  The art style is beautiful and the english is adorably broken.  The broken english honestly makes the game cuter and more charming.  It gives me vibes of DDLC but not to the extent that it seems like it borrowed a lot.  It is definitely its own story in its own universe and I had so much fun with this little treasure!
First of all this game had an amazing story lovable characters and some good humour on the side. Why should you buy this game  -its cheap -pretty good story (and scares i legit fell of my chair) -good soundtrack This game definetely deserves support  D E E P   D A R K   F A N T A S I E S <3  
I love this game but it's too short and only has a few endings.   It's a really great concept with good art and story but there is a problem with the music looping over and over unless that was intentional? Idk really.   I wish they had made it longer but it was good as a short story plus it's cheap.   I was really surprised but there was good foreshadowing.   Overall, you should buy it - just a few issues they'll probably fix later.
way better than expected! glad i played it. thanks for the excellent work :) finished in one session.
Good Game, actually Great game, if anyone sees this reply or upload something on the community hub. I would really like to see this game get the recognition it deserves. Visual novels are something new im getting into, besides Geometry Dash(GD account name is Gryllz) but i think this is a really great one, so lets give Sanatorium Purgatorium(SP for short) some support!
Awesome game! Completed it in one go, couldn't even take a toilet break. The plot twist is amazing and the ending that I got is something else... Looking for all the endings now 10/10
first game of backgammon : the game froze when I was about to win. I had to restart...and lose my progression. I will see if it happens again in the other games...EDIT : NOW IT WORKS !  I played Backgammon and chess, everything worked perfectly !  (but for your information I had to edit the binding)
This came in a bundle that included bible trivia  This game is definately not bible trivia  Do not play this at your church.  
Underneath the badly coded solitaire and the low-rez, pg13 hentai is a legitimately well-written and cute story, my daughter and I enjoyed this game very much.
BIG ANIME TIDDIES UwU
This is perfect example of modern pc gaming game
A neat little Rogue-like, I like the bosses, though the combat against normal enemies does get repetitive after a while. The game remediates to that by adding more enemies as you get stronger, which makes sense. The soundtrack is amazing and so is the art style, some proportions are sometimes weird, but it still looks good. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who wants to start playing Rogue-likes, as Vile is a pretty easy Rogue-like.
ive played this game for about 30 minutes and i cant tell you how much i missed a game that was just genuinly fun to play P.s. F*** you make me miss the 90's
It's a GREAT game to play when you're bored or just want some not-easy but not-hard fun ^_^! The two player edition is even fun too so I HIGHLY recommend for any one that reads this to buy this game! It'll be worth it I promise ^_^
One of the best rogue-lite that I have played so far, has surprised me a lot. The game starts with three unlocked characters but there are many more that you can unlock as you progress through the game by overcoming zones.   I have not yet unlocked all the characters but for the moment I can say they are well balanced and all have different skills and initial weapons. It is not an easy videogame, which for me is very positive.
As expected it has some bugs (e.g. my weapons don't carry between levels) but it's really addicting all the same. I'm excited to see the game develop. A great rogue-like shooter.  *EDIT: I can no longer replicate the bug I listed here. I should also add that the developer has been very responsive and open to ideas and questions.  I am really enjoying the game and look forward to the future updates.
Somekind of a first review.Allright rogue-fans here is a brandnew game from a new company called ARDENTSQUID with their game VILE.If you like Nuclear Throne,Dungeon Souls or Deathstate this is for you. Not only demons are attacking you also mushrooms(yeah grim looking mushrooms!). Little worms too.Enemys are fast,but game feels for me right perfect not too easy not too hard. I played my first 1,8 hours so im just in the beginning.VILE costs in Europe 8,19 Euro in EA,a nice price for such a likeable game. Until now I didnt found any bugs I guess,game runs flawless as far I can see on my Computer. Vile could be successfull but this depends also from the purchases. I recommend this game to all my Steam-Chummers and ppl who loves rogue/likes/lites.  
This game is seriously awesome! It's similar to SMB1, but with some element differences. The main one being that Marisa gradually grows. Rather than just having a big and small form, Marisa grows another head tall depending on how many mushrooms she has. At four heads, she gets a projectile move, and at 8 heads, she is temporarily large enough to charge through everything, similar to the mega mushroom from the Mario series.   I really love the art style of this game. The pixel art is extremely vibrant, cute, and detailed. The music is fun, upbeat, and matches the mood of every level! This sort of variety in game styles is really why I started to like Touhou. Marisaland Legacy is a fun, unique, and cute take on an age-old classic like SMB1. I would recommend it to anyone!
Really fun ~ if you like platform games, and it's more fun with your friends in local play !
Well, I think this is a good game. Marisa is very cute!  But it's hard to me.  Stuck at level 4-4. And I can't collect all of stars in some levels too.
讲道理，成年摸你傻贼漂亮好不（舔
Very Cute Game And its Touhou Platformer As Mario Style haha This reminds of Another one Similar to it  But its Much harder and with Overworld With 7 Worlds I think this one has 8 And last one is Survive Cause You Gain No Powerups and you gotta survive Against Oncoming Bullet faries Haha Juggling Bakas And Throwing Dia chans Aka Hammer bros but she throws Sun flowers at you. I love this Game with its cute chibi Style And when you hit  A Tall Stack Mushroom You Gain the Ability to become Invic Nobody can touch for short period of time. The other one silimar to thsi you can Transform into Reimu Tenshi Alice etc But again thats  the other this one is great ^^ Its got Good Music Levels etc Overall Good Game I would Recc this To ANyone who Loves Platformers.
super lesbian mario 2
Marisa Land Legacy may not beat its predecessor New Super Marisa Land in scope, but it's still the kind of game to make you smile on a bad day. The music is uplifting and cheerful, the graphics colourful, the artwork adorable. There are many secrets to be found (5 hidden stars per stage and a few warpzones) and even a special unlockable to make the game more challenging for another playthrough. I bet the couch-co-op is amazing, but it'd take a lot of moving of hardware to get it set up, let alone the effort of fetching someone to reluctantly play some weird japanese game with me that they have never heard of.
how to play online
[h1]Video (gameplay + commentary):[/h1]  https://youtu.be/USBc_e1_wpY  [h1]Review:[/h1] Great game for a dollar. Levels are appropriately unforgiving but not impossible. Your mileage will vary, but it took me less than an hour to beat all 12 levels, of which some were a breeze while others pushed my sanity before I finally completed them.  Visually, the game works well. Sound is very minimal and there is no music. There is only partial controller support (at least for my Xbox One controller) but keyboard works just fine.
A fantastic 16-bit era game, originally designed for [b]SEGA[/b] but ported to several other platforms as well, Flashback has everything from problem solving to action. It's hard, particularly the frustratingly hard final map, but also fairer (not to mention much longer) than, say, Another World, the spiritual prequel. The game's cutscenes and graphics were cutting edge back in the day, and they still look damn impressive: many of the backgrounds are truly awe-inspiring, and the soundtrack gives the game a distinct feel. In contrast to its fluid animations, the movement system may [i]feel[/i] sluggish, but then again Conrad's moveset is far more versatile than that of other 16-bit protagonists. As for this re-release, you can go for the 16-bit experience or play the game with some modern bells and whistles. I was more than happy with the vanilla experience, but the "remastered" mode is at least a good excuse for a second playthrough. There are also some quality of life improvements, such as being able to check movement controls in the menu (playing the part of an instructions manual really), and options for filters such as CRT scanlines. Also, contrary to a few reviews here, the game works just fine with a controller and you CAN reassign the keys; you just have to do it via the Big Picture Mode.
A childhood memory brought back. Loving it.
To choose a retro version or improved. In the revised version, sound and graphics are better. Fun to play the old, favorite game from the past. I highly recommend :-)
It's great. It's the original, as far as my mind remembers (I was very young when this came out). I grew up with the Enhanced version so I wish they'd included that. It had better cutscenes, music and SFX. Ah well. Good show, developer.  Just need to find an old Mac keyboard with those chunky keys to play it on...
I felt genuine relief from disabling the graphics filter and enabling 8-bit sound.  One of the best videogame adventures of my childhood and this port is better than emulation (graphics and sound options). I got it at $5 on sale.
Classic revisited. I like it!
I played this game when it first came out back in 1994-5. I was 6 years old. This game blew my LITTLE MIND!  I sank 100s of hours into this! Could not get enough of it! Literally!  This is a gem made in the year 1993. Now it may be old by modern standards but don't let that fool you!!! Its like fine wine! Scenic with beautiful graphics! An fantastic and crazy adventure, that will keep you captivated! Great controls! And you get to kill aliens!!?!?!? What more could you want!?!?!?  Best game ever. 1000000/10.  P.S. - This game got some recent special love and care. It was freshened up and dusted off! You can play as the game came out in 1993 or you can play a version touched up and modernized (pSSSh who needs that lol!)  THANK YOU FOR PUTTING THIS GAME (IN ITS ORIGINAL FORM)  ON STEAM!
Proper version of cult classic cinematic platformer (unlike abomination from Ubisoft)
Despite my years being on Steam, I'm still relativly new to it.  So to my surprise I seen this for sale and had to impulse buy it. The intro instantly took me back to my Amiga days in the early 90's. The great thing about this game is you can have the modern (slightly polished) look to the visuals or the original retro look (which I prefer).   This game was groundbraking in it's day for the attention to detail given to the backgrounds and of course the sprite animations. It still impresses me today. Not to mention the non so subtle references to Total Recall (which was a popular movie at the time).  If you're like me and looking for a 90's childhood nostalgia trip, then I highly recommend picking this up considering the price. Or If you're younger and have no idea what this and fancy taking a trip back in time before online modes, cloud saves and YouTube walkthrough guides then give it a try. It can be difficult sometimes, even frustrating in places but it's well worth it. Back when games challenged you!
Finally this classic game has been relaunched for modern day PC. Old classic mode is just like the old game and new touches like rewind and AA bring it into the modern day.  Flashback, super mario cart and streetfighter 2 are the main games I remember and loved as a kid.  Superb piece of gaming history, buy it.
I won't beat around the bush, this here is a staple of many many games that proceeded it! Even so, it's easy to place nostalgia goggles on, but I am happy to say that it holds up very well today, especially considering the indie market we live in.   The graphics and animations were ground breaking at the time, yet still look great, even without the new filters. Coupled with the action/adventure puzzle solving, the story is engrossing but subtle, much like other games that are close counter-parts (Another World, Prince of Persia etc).  Fantastic price and great enhancement features gives fans and new comers all the reasons to jump into this sci-fi classic of video gaming history.
[b] Flashback [/b] is similar to games like [i] Another World [/i] and [i] Prince of Persia [/i] - what I classify as a cinematic platformer due to exaggerated animation and abundance of cutscenes. This remaster includes the original game, remastered soundtrack, graphics filter, tutorial, nostalgic screen effects, music player, and optional rewind mechanic (which is basically time reversal). A couple of months ago we had a nice tribute to this genre in a form of [i] Eternal Castle [/i], which in many ways revived my nostalgia for this forgotton(Anne) format. I actually really like the inclusion of the tutorial because I never owned a game, but I knew about it from my friends. The modern version still has the trashy controls for which this genre is known for, you definitely need nostalgia glasses to enjoy it (press A and then press up to jump). The game plays fine on my 360 controller, although you can't rebind it.   [h1] Pros: [/h1]  + optional rewind mechanic + has the original game + couple screen effects in options + remastered sound & music player + achievements   [h1] Cons: [/h1]  - intentionally bad controls   [b] Overall Thoughts: [/b]  I have seen remasters with fewer features, so I think it's a relatively good example of it being done correctly. Perhaps $8 is a lot to pay for something that can be easily emulated with a similar filter. For me personally, rewind mechanic and the remastered soundtrack is the selling point. I just want to play through the game, so rewind helps with hundreds of deaths that I will experience.  [code]For more Hidden-Gems: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/31294838-Hidden-Gem-Discovery/ [/code]
Good for nostalgic purposes, with some okay visual updated. Nice to be able to play in the original format too for an authentic feel, but as others have already commented, the controls are HIDEOUS!!  You cannot reconfigure the controls either, and all the annotations for key controls still refer to console/gamepad configuration. Very annoying when the visual reference for an action is A, B, X, Y or another gamepad button which is unrelated to the keyboard!  Otherwise, good for the price, especially as it's on sale.
Supports 16:9 resolutions up to 1920x1080 Doesn't support 21:9 ultrawide resolutions Works with a PS3 controller but controls are jacked XBOX controller works great Controls are not customizable If you don't have an XBOX controller, just use the keyboard Offers are few shaders like bloom, AA, etc 60FPS is a lot smoother than original versions Music isn't the same samples as original. It's the same music but with different instrument samples. I liked the original better.
I am a huge fan, finished this on Sega Mega Drive and SNES back in the day...then it came out on Switch and finished that. Then the newer version on PC which is on Steam that l enjoyed and now the classic again. This is a great game. I only have played this for less than 10 minutes as l was checking out this version. Being a huge fan, this version is fantastic. I play this with an xbox contoller and it is an awesome game that l recommend. All the added features are great as well, such as achievements (which sucks on the switch as l put cut less hours on it but no way to reflect my awesome time with the game) difficultly modes and graphics modes. This is a really well made classic brought back to life! You do not have to be old like me who grew up on Commdores 64's and Sega Megadrive games, this is a great game even to todays standards. Classic platform with a great story. Highly recommended.
A great update to the original. You can play in classic mode, or in updated mode with rewind. Get to choose your shirt color(white Gen, Red Snes) and switch on and off the different effects on demand. It's 100% worth the price if you are a Flashback fan. After the terrible release of 2013, this is a very nice surprise. Thanks for doing this guys.
I don't think I need to play this game very long to give you a full review. This is a classic game that I use to play on the SNES. The best way I can describe this game is it's a cyberpunk sidescrolling shooter game. Lots of platforming and jumping from ledge to ledge. The game has a great story that involves Morph, conspiracy, and guns I plan on playing this game a whole lot now that I bought it and you should also.
Shitty controls, but rewind option makes it less annoying. Nice retro gameplay. Graphics is adapted for hi resolution monitors without stretching or overpixelisation.Sound is original in other words shitty, music is redone but it matches sound perfectly.  10 nostalgic moments out of 10. It is on sale! Buy!
vvv GOOOD
Very Good VN Game ^^ It has to do With Princess who Trans Into the Castle and The Maids who takes care of her Theres 5 of them In Total. They Do what Every Maid does Basic Pampering Cleaning Tending to the Princess Making sure she eats etc But in the Heat of the Moment The Princess finds The Girls Cute And Hot so she wants 1 or rather 5 To Have Sex with them. No Im Not Joking She really wants to do them Cause She cares for them But inall Good Game And I Recc this to ANyone Who Loves These Types of VN Games ^^
This is one of the best pure yuri VNs I have so far found on Steam. At the risk of sounding elitist, I have played pretty much every yuri game to be found on Steam (and countless others elsewhere), yet this is the first I've felt inspired enough to write a review for.  As a sort of romantic comedy story, Tower of Five Hearts is one of the most interesting I've ever come across. The basic premise is unique and fresh, and the whole game plays out as a very entertaining and heartwarming story, the kind where you'll find yourself grinning the whole time you're playing it. The characters are diverse and very well fleshed out; there's only six in the entire game, but they've got enough personality for sixty characters. There's six (yes six, not five) different paths one can take (as far as I've found so far), and while there's not a huge amount of differences between them, there's more than enough uniqueness to each route that it will be worthwhile to play through them all. The art is very cute, though not really in an eroge way, and well done overall; even the backgrounds are pretty good (for a Visual Novel).  If you're looking for a full blown hentai eroge (and you can deny it all you want, but that's probably what led many people to this), well, you won't find much here. The ecchi and explicit scenes are okay, but not the kind you buy an eroge to 'use'; indeed, it is more like they just threw them in after making the game. Now this sounds like a bad review for a game marketed as an eroge, but let me assure you, this is a game I recommend most highly. Not as an eroge, but as a romantic comedy, a yuri romance, and a 'healing' type story.  Please give it a try; it's more than worth your time.  And in case you wanted numerical statistic-type ratings: -Art: 8/10 -Story: 10/10 -Characters: 10/10 -Cuteness: 10/10 -Yuri: 11/10 -Ecchi: 6/10 -Hentai: 4/10 -Music: No idea I really wasn't paying attention to the music >.> 
super nice and cute anime pc game! I realy liked it + Im realy in LOVE! you can buy/play it!<3
Very nice yuri visual novel, the writing is very good and I liked all the girls ! <3
I do enjoy this VN quite a bit, I want to say, and that's why I recommend it. Quite cute, and enjoyable, but I do have a few points that I want to address for potential buyers:  - Don't expect a *deep* story. This is written as a cute eroge, so if you want something with more substance, I would advise you against this unfortunately. - There are some minor spelling errors that I saw. 'Mine' instead of 'Wine' in an instance, and a rather funny instance of '...me father', which had me giggling at the idea of the character in question speaking with a stereotypical Scottish accent. It's minor, but I have only completed one run, so there may be more. - The skip option is slow. Period. Multiple playthroughs may be a bit of a hassle because of this, and with multiple endings, well...  These are the main gripes that I have with the game, albeit minor they may be. The developer has said that they are still working on the game, adding additional story content for free later, so I may update this then. As it stands, it's a recommendation on the basis that the girls are cute and the love is pure.
[h1]It's fine if you're looking for something simple. Could be more.[/h1]  [b]The Good[/b]  The Art: It's pleasant, well made and without any glaring flaws.  The Music: As with the art, it's good enough to not become an issue, especially if left at a low volume.  The Characters: They have a bit of depth to them, being more than simple one-note personalities.  [b]The Bad[/b]  The Main Character: While she's not a bad person, Marie seems very...empty of anything interesting or useful. More of an airhead than anything else. Somewhat difficult to relate to, and left me with a feeling of "You should be better than this."  The Overall Storyline: Some of the writing hints at bigger conflicts, both within the character's motivations and their situation, but it's always completely brushed aside just as quickly as it comes up. After one point in the story, I was hoping that I'd have the option to turn the whole thing on it's head, but instead it's solved with a fairly ridiculous situation and you're left having to pick one of them regardless. The final feel of it is that while the writers were aware of the issues that could be adressed in the story with a more serious tone, they either were not able to or decided not to.  Maybe I shouldn't be disappointed, but I am regardless.   [b]Final Veredict[/b]  If you're just looking for some cute Yuri without wanting to think deeper, it's perfectly fine. If you actually start caring about the situation and the character's inner conflicts however, be ready to have it all brushed aside with a very railroaded final choice.  
Fun and cute yuri game with kemonomimi girls (girls with animal attributes such as cat ears or tails). Story is interesting and all girls are adorable! Aiko and Kiri are the best! Would recommend it to anyone who likes yuri.   P.S. Don`t mind my playtime. I played a non-steam version before but decided to buy game here as well just to support developers.
Well, what to say about this game, except that I have really enjoyed it so far, the story is fleshed out very well imo, as in the characters actually has character, with that I mean they got different personalities, backstory and different things they like.   Each of the characters I've met have felt genuine and more or less "lifelike", even when most of them are based on tropes in their personality, but they actually have character development and it doesn't feel forced.  I think my favourite in the game right now is Kiri, which is the fox girl, her backstory is well written the same with all of the characters I've met, even your own character (Marie) is fleshed out and have her own personality, which is a good addition in my opinion.  I know due to the nature of this game being sexual in nature many people will not play it, though even with that I do think it is worth playing because of the setting and the story, and obviously the characters, they are the main point in my opinion!  So do I recommend it? yes I do recommend it!
This is alot of fun, Had me in stitches a few times, And it is a fun Yuri story.
the game exceeded my expectations
while i like this game and do recomend it its not realy worth the 14usd price unless you have it to toss ok so i have done 3 fo the routes and the riteing is donr well and its a sweet and naughty story the only problem i truly have is the endings are just to i dont know short it just ends after yo picj a girl i think it just needs a little more story and it would be worth the price so yea deff get on sale or if you just want a light heart story and noyjing bettewr to do
This review might seem a bit biased. I am a Staff Writer for TsukiWare, but I signed on to the group after this game was made. It was my love for TOFH that made me want to join up with TsukiWare, and I have had a blast ever since.  I played the non-steam version of the game quite a bit. So far I have completed the Kiri and Tomiko routes, and I loved both. My eyes welled up a little during the Kiri route. The art is fantastic and the story is beautiful. I really connected on an emotional level with the protagonist.
very good
I just jumped in and so far I'm loving this game. Its very responsive and has an immediate old school vibe. I Love jumping in to this just like I love games like Downwell that combine immediacy with Dark Souls like difficulty. The graphics and music are spot on two and the overall aesthetic is really fun.  One downside is that the gamepad is not enabled by default. No big deal I guess, but it meant I was fumbling around with my X-box controller and Steam configuration for 10-15 minutes before I realized the game (which seems to be designed for controllers) doesn't have them enabled by default. You have to go in to the config screen with your keyboard and then bind all the buttons on your controller. I realize this isn't that big of a deal, but when games are being designed to pick up and play for short (or long) bursts I find it weird that I had to fumble around and then play with different button configurations before I realized what would actually work well with the game. With so many console-like games designed to jump in to right from Steam's big picture mode this feels like a bit of an oversight. Anyway, I'm looking forward to crushing and being crushed by this game!
 if love treasure games and run&gun this is definatly right up your ally  
Nowhere Patrol deserves a lot more love than what it is getting atm, this game is difficult but fair, has that good game feel to it, and is an excellent edition to those who love bullet hell games. Plus, if you don't think it's fair, it's only 5 bucks, so you really can't go wrong if we're being honest.  P.S for controller users, you have to update the controls manually and there isn't an actual option to swap to controllers (this is probably my biggest complaint about the game honestly.)
I had a hard time getting into it, since I'm missing hit-feedback, so it's hard to tell if your shots hit the boss or not. Some boss patterns can get really visually cluttered, especially with certain character abilities even further cluttering the screen.   But once I got used to the way it feels, the bosses and patterns themselves are pretty varied and cool. Also with the special attack mechanics keeping a bit of tension and strategy throughout the bossfight.  If you like challenging games, this game will not disappoint.
0/10 the candle character is not named John Wick.
Very fun and challenging game, rarely left me feeling towards the game's fault in any hits taken! Considering the quality of the game's graphics, music, gameplay, and game time, Well worth its money and maybe even more. Only complaint is the readability of a very specific attack in the late game but it fails to take away from the quality of the game in any significant amount. Would definitely recommend to friends who also seek challenging games
This is exactly what you want when you go looking for a boss rush game.  The pixel art style is amazing to look at and hardly ever hinders gameplay.  High difficulty, but learning the patterns of bosses really gives you the feeling of progression towards the next boss.  All in all, a fun trip for anyone looking into the boss rush style.
I am sad to see that this doesn't have more of a player base. The price is WAY to low for the quality of gameplay. Be sure to setup your controller first thing you do cause the game doesn't do it for you.
A very solid game and a total steal for the asking price. Really challenging to beat but very satisfying once you do, and there's plenty of ways to make the game even more challenging. But seriously it's only 5 bucks, I would have easily paid double.
This is such a great game! This game is nothing but boss battles. It looks like Cuphead and Rabi Ribi had a baby. The game is very hard and if you beat a boss phase without getting hit you get another extra phase which is even harder! The amout of polish in this game exceeds the limit, it runs so fine on my AMD cpu. Although the rebind control menu needs fixing because you can't change movement for the left stick, it keeps doing 'leftstickleft' and it frickin sucks! So instead i'm using Joy2Key to solve that problem.  Anyway, this is such a satisfying little challenging game that oozes with so much charm and replayabilty! One of my favorite games of 2018!  You should get it! Absolutely recommended!
These sons-a-bitches reward you for perfecting a boss with an extra, even harder attack pattern from that boss... 10/10
This game is great. I am a HUGE fan of retro platformers and boss battles so this is right up my ally. the graphics are beautiful and I love the choice on the pallet of the game. theres a nice difficulty to the game and it handles nicely. However, one thing that grinds my gears is the direction of shooting. I know theres two shoot buttons so maybe i just mapped my controlls wrong but I despise constantly shooting in one direction. yeah it has it's use like when you're dodging fire but I'd much rather push one button to shoot one way and push another to shoot the opposite way, that would fix the issue of having to stop shooting then turn around and start again. overall Great game, but just that one control choice that erks me.
After re-binding those keys it's off to the races. This game is a fun challenge with an aesthetic that's an absolute treat (This could've been released for the SNES). I'm still playing through this and have only reached the 3rd boss, so I have not seen all of the content this game has to offer, but so far I'm definitely impressed. If you like minute to minute gameplay where every move matters then I think you'll love this.  Pros: +Nice music and aesthetic +The gameplay while challenge as fuck it always seems fair (When I died it was on my slow fingers not keeping up) +Each boss is very unique in aesthetic and attacks and no run ever feels the same +Despite being a boss rush game there's a lot of content here, and I must say unlockables in any games are a weakness of mine.  Cons:  -Maybe needs to gamepad support (Not really, but would be nice) -The aiming can be a bit weird at times, and aiming backwards on a sudden change of direction while firing doesn't seem possible (This can be remedied by using different weapons/abillities though)
The dark souls of videogames.
Extremely hard but very rewarding game
It's great. I'm having a lot of fun with it so far. It's basically a bullet hell game, but instead of flying around, you're running, gunning and jumping on platforms. Unlike a lot of bullet hell shooters, where you have to make your way through a whole level to get to the real content, the boss, this game takes you right to the boss fight. And if you die fighting the boss? No worries. You come back right away for another try. You might have to restart the fight, but you're not losing lives and restarting the whole game or anything.  It's a real challenge to begin with, but as you play, you start to learn the patterns each boss has and you get pretty good at it. I'm pretty bad, so this one fight took me 40 minutes of trying before I beat it the first time, now I can do it in two. It makes you feel really good. It might mean that once you've gotten the hang of every boss, you can race through the game, but there are other challenges than just a charging through the bosses. There are things to unlock, records to set, and bonus phases to unlock in each fight.
this game is so good. if you love boss fights, you'll have a total blast. if you enjoy games that teach without condescension you will LOVE THIS GAME. it really feels like slugsoft knows their audience here.  do be warned, this game is difficult. if you don't mind practicing something until you conquer it, pick this up! i couldn't be happier, honestly.  i have not finished it yet (so hard), but so far the game keeps things fresh and there are very well thought-out mechanics and themes for each boss. it's so affordable, consider giving it a try and make a decision within a couple hours.  the indie scene is the crucible of innovative game design, and nowhere patrol is a fine example. this is exactly what keeps games interesting to me and the kind of jewel that makes me glad i never gave up playing games despite having bad hands.  as an aside, for anyone else with bad hands this game is PERFECT for play with a fight stick so you can use your gross motor arm/elbow movements instead of them sore hands and wrists :)
An intense boss rush game where beating the boss without getting hit adds an extra, tougher phase to the fight. Unlocking everything and getting the highest scores requires you learn exactly how many i-frames you can squeeze out of everything.
fun game with challenging bosses and cute art, expect lots of deaths
I expected some goofy Treasure style bosses and some good shooting action, but I was really blown away by just how rewarding learning this game is. Encountering each pattern kinda has a few phases to it, like figuring out how it works, then how to work around it, then how to squeeze every last frame around the attack so I can get those bonus points for grazed hits and jam some more keys in to that boss. This is a really solid game, and I highly reccomend it.
Challenging and very rewarding, with great art and boss designs. Feels real nice to get a grasp on how to beat each boss.
Good stuff. Its a hard game but fair, and it feels very rewarding to learn down the bosses patterns.
Good game
Really fun, really hard boss rush game, and i love the art :)
the levels are all fair and easy doable.You just have to think  a little strategic. maybe it was harder before the update but now its a funny and cute game worth playing!
 Fun game. Simple gameplay, interesting plot and beautiful pictures. It is worth the small price that they ask for.
Quite a good game for your money, ears, right hand..
This is an interesting experiment. Instead of the usual anime art, this uses 3-D models. Most of the gameplay is like the other Keyhole Spy volumes. Thing is, because of that experimental quality, it takes a bit more time to complete the stages. Also, in order to complete all achievements, you have to play 50 games (stages). The 2000-of-each-type achievements should trigger by 15-30 games (depending on if you run through the five girls ten times in a row, or if you try to spam the easiest stage after getting the other four girls unlocked). This makes the game a bit of a time-pit, and not as easy going as the others.  If you are going to get this title, wait for a sale. And probably buy in the bundle on top of that.
It seems like an interesting premise, and Im sure it would be fun if I could actually get past the first puzzle. I got an achievement for it, which I assume means I passed, but after an hour of messing around I still can't find any way to continue. Maybe its a glitch, but it seems more lilkely to just be game breaking stupidity on my part.  And it's not like there is any information about it out yet to check.  I'm sure its a great game though when played by anyone else.
If you like this game and already playing it a lot you should totally get it! The new units are a good choice to fill some holes in the factions and allow for new tactics. Especially the Land Raider was really needed because a Space Marine Superheavy unit was kinda missing. The price of 4€ seems also pretty fair to me.  
Worth it if you get into the base game, every new unit is more fun.
As far as price goes, for an indie developer this is right on target.  Excellent. quality. pack. If they keep cranking em out at this price; at this level; i'll buy them all!  If you are still not convinced about the price I suppose you could just go look up actual Warhammer miniature costs it will make you feel better.
The reinforcement pack is an okay DLC. It adds one more unit to 4 factions. It's a bit.. low on the content front. I guess I would view this purchase as a "buying the devs coffee DLC". Inflated price, but you support the devs.
All the units it adds are pretty good, I'd say the land raider could be considered a must for SM players. Neophyte Hybrids (or genestealer cultists) imo add more fun to fighting the wildlife, some extra spice. Stormtroopers fill a gap between standard guard units and bullgryns and are fun to use. I mainly play SM and IG so to me the Immortals and Flash Gitz mainly serve to be shot by my troops and they do an excellent job of it.
Given the fact that i want to see the game blossom into somthing good, i've no quarrle with paying a pittance to get 4 new playable units and a new NPC.   also the new units do fill in gaps within the tech tree (lets also hope that the Hybrids are a hint at a certain toothy murder slash slah bug of warpy murderness)
Great additon to the game, filled some nice gaps - well worth the price!
its only 5 bucks and is decent enough
A splendid addition to the game rounding out the rosters of the base game's armies. The genestealer cultists are a fun neutral to fight aswell taking on the role of basically rouge guardsman in stats.  Overall I would say to buy it if you already like the game as is and want some expanded tactical options. If your not a very happy with the game in it's current state this won't change your mind any though. Looking forward to the dlc announcement next month!
Five units for five dollars is pretty good, and your supporting future content for the price of a cup of coffee. Overall a pretty good deal.
I love warhammer, I really just love everything about it and Gladius is definetly one of my favorite games set in the enviroment but when I saw this DLC's first reveal I was really worried. There have been previous titles in the warhammer series that have done similar, adding very lack luster DLC for exuberant prices and it was scary to see Gladius post something similar. But after waiting patiently the and seeing the price was only $5, I was relieved. I hope they continue to keep there player basis in mind and have prices fitting of there sales in the future as I expected this to be atleast double the price. Im very excited to see how these new units change up the tactical meta of each faction as I continue to play with them more and I will continue my support of this game and look forward to Decembers Faction.
A unit pack, from an indie team? Sure, why not. I rather give you guys a few bucks than waste my money on whatever garbage has Sid Meier's name plastered on it.
I needed the Land Raider!
󠀡
Its a pretty good game, but it really needs a controller to be enjoyed. I'm a steam controller user, so I just mapped out a button config and played this one with my controller. Its a little buggy, and even with controller support it does feel a little stiff. I think with a little more polish on the controls and some of the mechanics around the wall sliding/jumping this could be a great little indie game. It just needs a few updates and bugfixes. I think it was worth picking up.
interesting cool game, looks like super meat boy
Awesome platformer! Music, gameplay, gloomy levels, all this gives the game its recognizable atmosphere. I recommend at the very beginning to master the character's abilities well. Guys, take care of your nerves ... and keyboards: D
Good puzzle game. Not easy game, but addictive. Kill time most the.
It's a good game. But this game is a little difficult.
Interesting platformer with puzzles, the main thing I liked the stylized graphics)
I simply love this game and all its DLCs.   Let's hope that the developers will make more DLCs in future, I would gladly buy the supporter edition again.
Brilliant DLC.
This one is a must have, the crafting and armor attachment system are a very welcome addition to the game. Also includes a New Start as a band of Beast Slayers, which I find is a great way to experience the new crafting system (they get more crafting materials from monsters). If you have the main game then this DLC is a no-brainer.
New recruits, enemies, armor, weapons, quests.  It's fantastic and does a great job of rounding out an already amazing strategy game.
Great DLC, adds new content. Legendary beasts with all new mechanics that you can hunt down. New events. More equipment.
10/10
Great Addition to the game! This DLC adds many new enemies, and contracts for your mercenary band to encounter. The gear customization adds a bit of flavour to your company, and the added ambitions adds a bit to your choices on how to build up your company. Great addition to those looking to spice up their next Battle Brothers campaign!
No words are needed
Quality addition to an amazing game. Adds a new level of replay-ability to a game that had it in bags already! Excellent work from the developers.
I like it :D
Well worth getting once you're familiar with the base game. The variety it adds in weapons, events, contracts and enemies is really nice. New 2h weapons & schrat fights are highlights.  Alps are a waste of time, same as they were before the rework (at least they don't run so much now). Thankfully you can mostly avoid them or mod them out.
Role Playing? Tactics? strategy? medieval? Fantasy? Rouge like? Hard challenge? Story Telling? Company Management? Economy? Sound Track? Satisfaction? Replayability? You name it you got it covered in this game.   Battle Brothers, along side with its latest expansion, is the best RPG Strategy Game of all time in my opinion. Much better than DOS 1&2 or anything on the market if you don't mind the graphics.  There's is no reason not recommending this title.  However nothing is perfect, after spending 350ish hours into this game, and defeating every legendary locations on the hardest difficulty, the motivation of keep playing this game was gone. But boy did I enjoy this 350 hours of grinding and learning. The game was so deep, and unforgiving which makes the satisfaction of beating the game sky rocketed into the heaven!  If you like me who likes a challenging game, who likes to learn the strategy and enjoy the satisfaction of beating the game on the highest difficulty. GO and grab it! This game worth every single penny you spend!
Now I don't need to hire a tailor to craft my wolf furs. 10/10.
Amazing DLC; adds a ton of features and content. Just give me MORE. I'll buy it ALL
Great game.
Only thing that is disapointing is the lack of Davkul.
It iss asummlyyyy kowl 10/9 fo sho
Great DLC, adds a lot of new and interesting content. It greatly enriches the base game with new potions, items, and armor pieces, along with new (if somewhat imbalanced) monsters and still, I highly recommend it.
A very good DLC for one of the best games released in recent time.
A very good DLC for one of the best games released in recent time.
Superbly well designed gem of a turned-based RPG, but not a game with much consideration for casual players. In my opinion, the late game difficulty spike blurs the line between challenging and ridiculous.    I recently attempted to raid a goblin city and came up against 47 (yes, FORTY-SEVEN) goblins. A handful of which were goblin shamans that simply spammed grasping vines while dozens of ambushers and overseers picked my mired bros to pieces. In spite of having all of my bros leveled to late teens and 3/4's of them being equipped with named weapons, armor, and shields, I could not win the battle without losing 2 or 3 of my bros. This seems to be the rule, not the exception when it comes to late game raiding. More often than not my company is just as laughably outnumbered when attacking orc and undead cities. I understand the devs embrace the philosophy "casualties should be expected", but when replacing late-game casualties requires hours of back tracking and grinding, the game very quickly loses its fun factor and starts to feel like tedious work (*cough*non-radiant mode darkest dungeon*cough*).    The most frustrating aspect of this is that I'm playing on the easiest difficulty setting (I can't imagine what veteran or expert mode is like and I'm not masochistic enough to find out). I was hoping these issues would be addressed in the beast an exploration DLC, but this is not the case. That being said, the early through mid-game are extremely enjoyable if your willing to commit to a steep learning curve and above average/often frusterating difficulty.    Hopefully the devs tune-down beginner mode in the future and give this masterpiece of a game the mass-appeal it deserves (or at least give it mod support). In it's current state, casual gamers like myself simply can't hang.
An outstanding expansion to a game I love.
If you like the base game. Just buy it! Very good DLC lot of fun. Wish they make more dlc.
Its fun.
You must buy it
Damn, a worthwhile DLC in current year?
Excellent DLC for an excellent game, highly recommended
Hi devs,I have a few questions&suggestions: question: (1)I know the number of opponents scales with the company size,when the company is below 12 men.But,if I have more than 12 men, 15, for example, does it still scales?  suggestions: (1)I just tried out the ironman mode. Can you cancel the autosave when the company leave a town?It always stucks for some time. If I forget to do sth in town and go back,I have to wait again and it's so annoying.And I know I’m not the only one who think so. (2)When I am fighting a plethora of goblinriders,the game stucks after several turns.I restarted the game several times,and every time it still stucks there.Hope this can be solved soon. (3)The unholds seems op,I lured 5 unholds to an orc camp in swamp,and they killed 20+ orcs(including berserkers and warriors,no warlord though)without any casualty.I had to retreat which is a surprise to my plan.  Good work for the new DLC! Hope there will be more DLC in the future.
First it is gettin a bit more challenging i feel: longer distances to travel, more raiders/monsters coming out the forest to attack you on the roads (which is good for your loot in return :)... at all makes the beginning bit harder for me, but not a negative point, anything that makes this game easier is just betrayal anyway.... after installing it's still battle brothers with useful new stuff which makes the game even better than it already is!
This is a great update to the game. Fleshes out the experience and makes it more fun to head away from the quest giving settlements. Nice addition of new equipment, some crafting that is simple and largely adds to the game and ability to customise colours on armour and shields.  Good stuff!
Honestly this is a good DLC but some of the shit they added is just unfair, especially if you're playing on ironman mode. Hexes are added, the most BROKEN and OVERPOWERED monster in the game that not only turns your brothers against each-other but kills your brothers if you attack the hexe. Shit is stupud and needs to be nerfed, because it seriously ruins the fun when you get 4 out of 8 level 9 brothers killed by 2 hexes and some fucking wolves
Deep strategy and lots of replay value.  One of my favorite recent purchases.
When this dlc was announced, it was like a wet dream come true. When it finally came out, I died and went to heaven. Now I am forever killing beasts and making trophies out of them in valhala with my comrades in arms.
vibeogame
Great expansion to a great game. This helps to fix my biggest problem with BB which is I WANT MORE CONTENT. This adds a good ammount of content at a fair price. If they keep releasing DLCs like this I will keep buying.
Hates the nearly endless Undead wave from base game.   Buys DLC that allows spiders to do the same hemkin thing.   12/10 worth it.
As long as you realise and keep in mind Battle Brothers isn't an easy game you can't go wrong by adding even more awesomeness to your game with this DLC.
Devs made us robbers, 10 bucks for such content ?! Very good game is now even better  Continue in development, pls devs, more content is always better for such LEGENDARY game, and make higher price !
Haven't played the new DLC for very long but I already like it. Many new weapons, armour, and seems like they balanced the background of hirelings too. A well done content addition DLC to an already great game, and at the price of $10 bucks, I think its well worth it.
Would highly recommend the DLC, feels more like my band of men is a set of contracted monster hunters and I love it.
A most have for Battle brothers add much content the community have wanted for quite some time.
The only BIG complaint I had about the final game was that long before you got through an entire campaign the battles had grown too repetitive...this DLC adds plenty of variety that helps to keep things fresher and adds some interesting crafting/trophy mechanic and new weapons/variety on top of that.  If you liked the base game...this makes it worth through a campaign or three again...relatively inexpensive and top notch DLC. Thanks and great job with the overall product as well Overhype!  
The quality of life improvements that came with the update are worth buying the DLC to support the devs. The content is still exceptional and this DLC brought me back to a game that deserves it so much.
Great game. Great expansion!
Perfect game. Can recommend it to anyone who likes round based tactical games. In this genre it is one of my facourites. The DLC adds tons of new content and is totally worth its money! I would love to see new ways to interact with the world for future DLCs. Keep up the great work!
A great addition. Worth every penny.
Rare example of a DLC genuinely changing the game, worth every penny.
one of the few dlcs worth buying
Adds much more to the base game and is well worth the price
Definitely after this DLS complication of game was reduced. For example 3 skull contract from small village (15 day) cost 1260 crowns, and demands brigands off. I meet there 8 thugs and 3 raiders there and destroy them without loses. Playing for expert/expert/ironman. On ironman mode 3 skull mession used to be almost  impossible win not to mention without loses. Next example: I  lost 1 man for 60 days  on expert/expert/ironman. What? New weapons very pleasant. Two handed mace, might the best kind of weapon in the game. I even might name it imba(2 turns stun, great additional fatigue for enemy, beauty ignore damage, almost any with injury). But It cost about 2500 although great sword cost in the region of 5000. New polearm hammer cost very cheap too. Godentag has +20% chans to hit. what?. Hello 85-95 % to hit. Not sure, but it seems as if developers reduced hp and morale trigger for enemy.
Frustrating Gem Renewed  As a well established title, us fans thought we'd never have more content. Fortunately for all of us, this summer we were taken by surprise as the devs announced a full blown DLC for our favourite game which just came out at the end of November. Here are my thoughts on the matter.  The New Stuff There are a couple new stuff that are more than welcome, from quality of life improvements to new enemies and a well done crafting system. Of course, we also got ourselves some new enemies, weapons and brutal boss fights. Although most of these things (especially the new retreat system and tryout mechanic) are more than welcome, some of these things could've had a little more thoughts applied to them. My main issue are with some new enemy gimmicks which at first, due to the novelty, are quite refreshing but in the long run, they become tedious and exhausting. You all get it? The Alps... Now that resolve and initiative are more important, I understand the need of fights driven by those but the design of this fight is simply not satisfying. At first, what seems like a good idea becomes extremely annoying after 2 or 3 encounters.   On the positive side, the other beasts and new boss fights are a lot of fun and represent a serious challenge on all stages of the game for new players and veterans alike. The new crafting system allowing us to pimp our gear, use new consumables and make powerful trinkets is a welcome addition, which in my humble opinion was very well done.  Guys... The Tutorial? One thing that remain unchanged and was a miss on the initial release is the lack of tutorial. Yes, trial and error is a good thing in a game, but when you're not explaining vital concepts such as Zones of Control and Over-the-shoulder shooting, you're creating frustration. On top of this, the roll log is a messy thing and represents a shore when you need to back track an action for that brother who just got downed in onr hit. I think the DLC was a missed opportunity on the devs side for fixing those 2 issues.  Overall, the DLC gives a fair amount of fun content for a very good price and for the hardcore fans, there's even a supporter edition which grants us a unique banner and matching shields. If you're already a fan of BB or stratrgy games like these, this is totally worth the money. If you didn't enjoy the game at first... It didn't change the core concept so don't bother.  Hope this help some of you ;-)
Reinforced the #1 rule of Battle Brothers: If you can, try at all costs to avoid being forced to learn what an opponent can do to your men.
It's more Battle Brothers. It's actually better value for the content than the base game is, I'd say (which is good since I'd say the base game, while good, is too small in scope for the asking price). It adds a lot of stuff, and that stuff is very cool. It makes the world wilder and weirder and more unique (if debatbly a bit more like the Witcher; but still, less like other fantasy settings). If you like the base game, this is just plain worth picking up.
In short, it's a great DLC for a great game. Adds quite a lot of variety to the game, making it even more addictive and fun. Definitely go check it out.   It's amazing to see the developers still supoprting BB, I sure hope they'll continue to create new content for it in the future.
GRRRRREAT!
Great stuff more of the same please.
Worth it. So much content added to base game. Cannot imagine playing without it. Good stuff all around.
Great DLC. Offers a lot of content and new chalenges. Really improved the game.
Lots of whining about a couple of the funky new monsters, but idk - I enjoy Alps and Hexes. They're a nice change of pace from the usual face-smashing gameplay, they're exceedingly rare, and I have never seen marauding bands of either, meaning you can choose whether you fight them or not.   So don't fight them. I'll kill them all for you, since the rewards are nice and I enjoy the fights.
More nasties to Maul, Decapitate and otherwise "inconvenience" my Battle Brothers?  Uh....yes plz!
Worth it
Alot of people complain about the ALPS. They said it waste time cause they dont attack and only sleep the company and others said all their brothers died cause all of them slept and had nightmares. Don't you see? That's the fun and challenge in it. What's there to hate on a moster that just attacks you on nightmare basis. If all of your men are afflicted by the sleep they die, but they wont die on their sleep if you have a brother that wakes you up.   The hexes are a more troublesome but hey, witches can bewitch people , so dont blame if they bewitch one of your brothers and you are forced to kill him. That's the challenge in it. Kill the witches ASAP before you kill more of your brothers.   THIS GAME IS ABOUT YOU AND YOUR BATTLE BROTHERS AND ITS A WAY TO SEE HOW YOU GUYS OVERCOME AND SURVIVE( or DIE) ON EASY OR HARD SITUATIONS WHICH YOU NEED ADAPT TO. IF YOUR NOT UP TO IT SO DON'T PLAY IT.   ANYWAY, great additional DLC devs. I'm having my sad, angry and happy momments currently with the New DLC. A thumbs up from me for this :)
GREAT!!
First of all if you have not tried Battle Brothers and you like turn based combat and hit percentages what are you waiting for?  This game is very well thought out and you not will not believe the hours you will put in it for the price, great value.  The artwork tends to turn some people off when evaluating whether or not to buy this game but I assure you that it will grow on you and you will become an overhype studio loyalist.  I love turned based games and this is my favorite by FAR and this expansion has delivered big time I would be willing to pay much more for its great content.  I'm excited to see what they produce in the future please throw money at this company.
Good.
Post-Alp Fix: I'm not one to put a down review on something and not go back and see if I agree with my original opinion. Usually I re-install and retry something an try and see if I can get past whatever the issue was that made me not want to recommend the game. In this case, the DLC was being patched post release and I figured that I'd re-review it sooner rather than later.   I still believe that the DLC was released before being completely play tested, and in that regard it caused a lot of community griping (myself included). The specific issue I had with the Alp antagonist destroying the gameplay was fixed. Well, not fixed, it was completely rewritten. The new way that Alps attack your band of brothers is much more fair and quite frankly fun. It adds a level of variability to the normal aspects of an encounter and provides a steep challenge that is not insurmountable (which was a major issue to the old mechanic, imo).   There were some other tweaks and edits here and there, but the Alp change is the most impactful. I've changed my review to be "Yes I recommend" this DLC. And I add that this DLC adds a lot of much needed fleshing out of the game as well as the replay value of the game. I've kept my old review below and I thank the devs for being so accommodating to their players. 8/10.   Pre-fix review: Alps completely destroy the gameplay. They put your people to sleep and they never wake up only die. There is literally nothing you can do but watch turn after turn pass as your entire group dies and ends the game. Did the devs even play test this??? It's a completely broken mechanic.
Absolutely Essential As a huge fan of Battle Brothers with over 1700 hours played, I am delighted with the work Overhype has put into this DLC. Really, "Expansion" is a fair term for it Beasts & Exploration. Finally, the game world feels like a big place with mysteries lurking at the periphery of the map. A massively expanded selection of weaponry and gear makes for a multitude of tactical options. The info given in contract negotiation is more helpful, allowing you to make better choices when deciding what job to take. And to top it all, we have crafting, which BB has always sorely needed. No more will my cream-of-the-crop cutthroats be tromping around with a hodgepodge of random painted shields and helmets!  Yes, even as a player who has played 1700 hours, I can say that the original content was lacking a few important things, though it is certainly worth the price they ask. Likewise, this DLC justifies its price by transforming a rough but lovely stone into a polished and precious gem. There is no game like Battle Brothers, and there is no game like Battle Brothers expanded with Beasts and Exploration. This DLC is essential to the Battle Brothers full experience.  TL;DR: Everybody should play Battle Brothers. All players of Battle Brothers should own this DLC.
DLC as it does. 13 crippled beggars in padded armors of 12!
What's not to like?    More battle brothers content is good.
New and exotic ways for your war dogs to die, and I have yet to meet a kraken. I wonder if the Kraken likes war dogs...
Thanks to you buying this DLC, your bros can not only get shanked, eviscerated and beheaded by men, orcs, gobbos, and undead, but also:  Killed in their dreams by hairy Freddy Devoured by Cthulhu Seduced and murdered by the Ladies of the Wood from the Witcher 3  Beaten to death by The Abominable Snowman and his backup dancers  Your bros do not want you to buy this DLC.   Edit: Even the vegetation kills your bros now.  Edit 2: And my boy Randall the Vandal just got eaten by a giant spider.
Great addition to a great game.
Awesome new content! Read all the blog posts leading to this eagerly and am really happy about the update for this game! I hope this will lead to more funds and motivation to add even more content to this game! Thank you!
Great expansion for an amazing game, adds depth and customisation in a hundred subtle ways. Well worth it.
Good chunk of content for a brilliant game.
Super AWESOME and great value.  Now shut up so I can get back to my game.
An awesome DLC for one of my favourite party-management/turn-based strategy games. Overhype Studios deserves your support if you enjoy procedural yet immersive worlds filled with interesting emergent stories.
Hunting unholds is my favorite passtime
Adds more content to a already rich game, monsters, new quests, and events. A must own if you love the base game, please support these great developers!
Long awaited and great dlc everyone including me was asking for. Adds so much to the game, love it!
Great DLC. Lots of neat changes, quality of life improvements, extra content, and I particularly like the new customization options and armor attachments. Highly recommend it if you like the base game.
Excellent addition to an already phenomenal game. Multiple notable quality of life improvents and a nice heap of new content to explore.
Losing is (still) fun.
If you enjoyed the base game, great chance you'll enjoy this DLC and at the price, you can't beat it. It's more when we asked for more, and I'm really happy with both the fact the dev team decided to do more work on the game and that they have done a great job of it.
It's pretty much everything you loved about vanilla Battle Brothers, but deeper. More bridge weapons like a mace/spear hybrid, a small perk rework, lots of new beasts with new mechanics and drops, crafting and painting (finally my band can build up a color scheme!), and a bunch of new lore/contracts/writing. You can help rebuild towns that have been raided (but not destroyed).  The Unhold are pretty brutal, especially when charmed by a Hexe which seemed particularly unfair for a day 30 run-in, but hey, the raging unfair brutality is why we love this game. Please keep rolling a string of 90s whenever my highest level melees attack. It makes me so happy /sarcasm/.  I am about 10 hours into this DLC and am very satsified with my purchase. I have also seen some new recruit backgrounds which is neat. Also some great quality of life adjustments on ending the turn of all your mercenaries. There was ONE, solitary bug where a merchant approaches me with vials, it's only one paragraph long and it seems like maybe it's missing a ton of other copy because that one paragraph makes no sense alone. Then it asks for Deal or No Deal. I chose No Deal because I didn't know what was going and was just leaving the city on a parcel delivery quest and couldn't afford to accidently screw it up.  I get that this game is suppose to be about a plain mercenary company fighting in a low-fantasy world (with witches and necromancers and orcs just to spice it up a little). But I would kill for like a $9.99 DLC where there is a 1/100 chance a brother develops sorcery powers or something days after your hire him. Make it optional like this DLC. I would pay for it. Think the Psi warriors from Xcom2, but more rare. There is nothing more fun than taking a beggar and making him a vicious level 12 swordsman, I think having the chance to take even rarer journeys with someone becoming a wizard would be awesome. Especially for us Iron Man addicts.  Anyways, back to Beasts and Exploration. I love it, you should buy it. These guys know what they are doing.
Best DLC, that you can imagine.  Devs, plz, don't stop. This game have great potential.
Good Reasonably priced content. It is so cool that the devs came back and made this. :)
This DLC is so good that I bought the supporter edition.  Highly recommended DLC for a highly recommended game.
Only encountered the webnachts so far but as well as the new enemies adds new weapons, new customisation options (painting helmets and shields), crafting options to make kill trophies into wearable items with effects, recruit backgrounds and other things you can see in the developers detailed news updates.  Basically adds more depth, breadth and variety to this turn based tactics gem.  The price was worth it just to give me reason to start up a new warband and I'm really liking the new content I've seen thus far.
Absoluetly amazing! Buy this. This DLC is an amazing price with a huge amount of content by one of the best developers out there.
Added variety to a solid game. Always a plus.
It is great - Play it!!!
Absolutely fantastic DLC that expands Battle Brothers on almost every front. If you have enjoyed the game prior to its release, this just makes it even better with more monsters, more equipment, a larger world, and so forth.
+1
i was at like 750 hours on the base game and i see myself putting in another 300 or more with this.  Great value and really looking forward to future DLC for this title, keep it coming guys.
<3
It makes it even better!
9/10
December is fully booked. Don't try to reach me.
Love it!   Thank you, Overhype Studios!
More of the awesome Battle Brothers game. Niche, but soo good.
If you like the base game just buy and go play instead of wasting your time reading this shit!  For those who never tried it: What are you waiting for?
A very well designed, turn-based, mercenary management game. This expansion only adds to the entertainment value. Don't let the art style throw you off, it grows on you very quickly.
This is the same battle brothers, but bigger and better. I've played over 150 hours on the base game and this DLC has really helped make the game fresh and interesting again. Some nice touches include new and different contracts and encounters encountering a greater variety of enemies earlier on instead of just brigands. I already found a small hut of goblins and plundered some new equipment from them.  If you've played the base game and enjoyed I would say that the expansion DLC is definately worth it.
More Battle Brothers, new mechanics, new enemies, new items, bigger map. What's not to like?
I went cocky with the Schrats... damn.
Wonderful DLC so far for a wonderful game. Overhype has thankfully gone back on their statement that they would not develop DLC for Battle Brothers and we're all better off for it.
An outstanding addition to a brilliant game - get it!
If you're a fan of Battle Brothers or DLC that adds depth into an already addictive game then this is for you. The various new beasts, quests, events and crafting mechanics will give additional hours in your playthrough.
love this dlc more than my pizzas in the fridge
Thank you same but better =)
A lot of good content for a reasonable price. Good additions to increase the already great replayability and provide even more  unique playthroughs. Solid quality of life upgrades, just more of all that is good in BB and with a couple new mechanics to make your squad even more unique. The "tryout" mechanic is most helpful and I can't wait to get crafting with my monster-butts. I'd say "A must have" but the base game on it's own is excellent, this DLC just adds up more of everything. Fantastic.
Quality new content to an already great game.
All changes are for good. More content, more weapons, more exploration. Nice new customization options for shields, helms and armor. Bigger map with more reasons to explore it.
glad to support this wonderful strategy game. Still tough as old boots
It's the same old Battle Brothers but with new gear, legendary locations, monsters, contracts, etc. Pretty much just a whole bunch of new stuff thrown in and it's a blast!
Battle Brothers is fantastic, support the dev with this cool DLC.
I'm here to support the developers by purchasing their DLCs. Hope they make more banners and other stuff to the game. This game feels like I'm in the world of Berserk by Kentaro Miura. The harshness and difficulty of the game is really overwhelming and very fun to play. I give this game a 10 to 11 Decapitated ears
A worthy and cheap addition to the base game
Battle Brothers is an excellent game, Beasts and Exploration simple makes a great game even better!   It was a sad day when I read that there would be no further additions, but seeing the news of an expansion of this size rekindled my love for this game. I look forward to countless hours of battling my way through new hordes and horrors, and discovering ancient and distant locations in the expansive wilderness. Many brothers will fall, but there will always be more willing men to take up sword and shield and accept the call to adventure, glory, and gold.   To battle!
The original game was such an underrated gem.  It was a little repetitive, but still a lot of fun.  This dlc just makes it even better!
Great game. Great DLC. Great devs.
Spent over 4 months waiting for this DLC, it did not dissapoint me at all =v=
Awesome base game, awesome expansion.  I'm very glad the developers turned around on the original thought of no further content for this game. In my opinion, if this continues to get content, it's one of the best sandbox games that can really test your tactical battle mettle.  
If you enjoyed BB this is more of the same, and in the best way possible. Honestly is a steal for 10 bucks! Really really hope that this isnt the last DLC we see for BB!
better than fallout 76   Early game much more exciting than before even more ! great addition to game really worth it. New weapons looks cool
Bought this DLC without any hesitation. Wish if it is possible to export old team from existing game saves to a new campaign.
The "Beasts and Exploration" dlc is a very natural and worthwhile addition to Battle Brothers. With new enemies, more weapons, and new things to see this will add a healthy helping of variety into your Battle Brothers playthroughs. If you're a fan of Battle Brothers, this DLC is an addition that you need to get to both enrich your experience and keep these awesome Developers in business.
Hard as balls game got harder ... with more balls to play with. Perfect!  FYI - Highly recommend re-learning your compass points :)  It sux raging at a game for 5 minutes when you can't find a location - then realise you're an idiot because you went W instead E.   The above totally didn't happen to me ... it happened to a friend.   DLC Update request - Please add compass so "my friend" doesn't feel stupid again!
Highly recommend picking up this reasonably priced expansion.  It is not often I put hundreds of hours in a game, but this one draws me in. The added weapons, traits, missions, and monsters are all welcome. I’m very glad the developers have decided to expand this world and continue to provide content for it.   I Was really shocked and disappointed when they announced they were done with the game and not coming back to it.  I was very surprised as many of you were when they announced this expansion. I bought it day one to show my support. Great addition!
really excite me ! keep updating please ...  and where is the support edition ?
Great, I hope that develepers will make next DLC and still keep support this game.
Building upon the original with poise and purpose, Beasts and Exploration is a hallmark of what DLC should be. In one fell swoop, Overhype have not only addressed many concerns within the Battle Brothers community, but also added an immense amount of content for a fair price.   If you already liked Battle Brothers, this DLC is a no brainer, and while it may not be the DLC to sway those who may have been turned off from the game, it is a welcomed injection of fresh gameplay.
Makes a great game even better!
More and better Battle Brothers. What more can we ask for? Oh, I know! Even more and better Battle Brothers! Hopefully this DLC will sell well enough to promote the idea of even more content for this great game.  A bit more specifically for this DLC, it fixes some issues the game had, like for example making caravan contracts more desirable, loot monsters more meaningful with the added crafting or some balancing on weapons and perks. Simultaneously it adds some creatures, locations, contracts, settlement "conditions" etc and expands the content the game offers quite a bit.  There is no reason not to get this if you liked the base game. We want more!!
It seems like 500+ hours won't be the end of it, the longevity has been increased, amazing DLC devs!
+1
A lot of additions,. The new monsters add some nice diversity in the tactics of combats. I love all the customization possibilties. Great job.
Another layer of polish which brings some welcome additions to the game.
Just polishes an already jem of a game. With over 400 hrs playing this game I still get my chuffa kicked. A*
Thank you.
Fantastic addition to an already great game. And dirty cheap considering the overal quality.
An AMAZING game by itself - now with even more content.  New content seems fresh and interesting, there's lots of new things to do.  You should buy it!
Started a new Band of Brothers in this brand new DLC. 15 days in, got a new quest - where I have to travel deep into the wilderness to the west. Got lured deeper into sh*t by other adventurers. In a glimpse I'm surrounded by goblins. Company is dead. Was totally worth it, even I did not discover new beasts, besides webknechts.  The new additions to this game are awesome. New quests, new traits, new weapons & monsters, bigger world, new mechanics and a lot of new variants to build up your company.  10€ are nothing, totally recommended  
Really good expansion for great game! Good job devs!
10/10  I dont need magic potions, but the rest is just fantastic.
There is only 3 titles that i can say they r the best game in this kind and without a doubt battle brothers is one of them. The game can be really frustrating a some point when you loose a good character from a mistake or purely RNG GOD, but still i will recommand it. Some good addtion they can make ( battle sisters yeah i know it can be a reel pain to redraw all armor to fit for a woman and this add not add much in gameplay for alot of work but this can be usefull like against HEXE if they can be immune to charm but it must be a rare character that can be found in towns also for less frustration on a lost you could maybe a necromancer in towns but rare event or at least one in the whole map that can revive someone dead for a high gold price or event rare item for a ceremonial ressurection. adding more fantasy creatures of course you guys r really good at it. and also magic itseem to be a rare thing in the game and its good but there is none on the player side so maybe some cleric or battle mage can be a good addtion to the game but again its alot of work and its only suggestions whatever i will enjoy this DLC for sur ^^ and i highly recommand this game if you like really good turn based game.
Already loved the Main game. This dlc adds more stuff and expands the already great game with more monsters, equipment, locations etc. 100% recommended
New ways to die are always fun. Great add-on.
the developers almost didnt release anyt dlc for this game.  that would have been a shame.
For anyone who doubt about buying or playing battle brothers. This is a great indie game. Good for hundreds of hours of gameplay. Art style is what drags you in. Gameplay makes you stay and play. Its a challenging unforgiving game. But overall great fun.   (have been playing more hours on another acount. 500+ hours so far. Writing this review to support the developers new dlc)
If you like the base game, at this price this is a no brainer.
Onward brothers, new adventures awaits!  Seen all release videos of the game so this was a instabuy for me. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdAM-f50TDM
1st
Its good. Reasonably priced and added good amount of content.
+1
Greatest game ever, 1st commet! Well done and keep it coming :)
I did not expect to buy graphic design software on Steam. I have used serif pageplus 6x before , and this fell similar. This have all tools required , I recommend it.
I am impressed by the capability that this software is able to deliver.  I am only dabbling around with it for a while, however, I see myself using it frequently for several design uses in the future.  I also like the added 'Help' features and tutorials.  The software is well designed and the devs have thought through some very practical and useful features.  Great software!  I definitely recommend it for designers that want to explore their creativity.  Well done!
"Smart", in this context, means "puts up with minimal effort jigsaw puzzle for bird achievements". No windowed mode, can't turn off the palim-palim sound when pieces connect, hard to see outlines, only 12 puzzles. On the plus side it's quick and easy to 100 %.
First things first, I say to get this game to make it known so some guy in Asia will get 54353798 or something. It is surprisingly addicting and I had a nice time with it. :) I would refund it in a heartbeat.  Now to be a narcicisst. All who have attempted to be the best at this game are FALSE prophits! I have the greatest score that NOONE can handle of a mind-shattering 104! ALL PREVIOUS CHALLENGERS HAVE BEEN BLOWN DOWN BEFORE MY IMMESUREBLE POWER!!! But if you want to try to challenge me, get to it filthy casuals.  Note: I just wanted to do that, I am not actually insulting anyone here.
YOU FOOLS! Saying that you got the world record with a measly 23 points! HAH! I spit in your general direction, you filthy plebeians! Meanwhile I sit atop my golden throne of 67 points. I expect the Guinness book of world records to visit and pay me 1 trillion dollars by weeks end and I have barely used a small portion of my power. Soon the world shall be mine! I will update this review with my world records as I set them so you mere mortals can gaze in awe at my absolute power. I am a god. I am stronger than Hercules, smarter than Aristotle, more divine than Jesus Christ himself, and fairer than Judge Judy. Bow before me for I am your new king.  [url=https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/377510931170852864/521411621927649281/unknown.png] 67 god teir points. [/url]  EDIT: I have officially gotten the world record and am the worlds #1 gamer. I'm even better than Ninja and Markiplier. Here is the [url=https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/377510931170852864/521412896245415936/unknown.png] official page [/url]showing my superiority to all other humans.
I believe I currently hold the world record on this game. 16 points.  Can you make it higher?  (This game probably isn't worth your money, but I'm recommending it anyway. Because I might be the best player in the world.) twitch.tv/theredkestrel
The flags I already know, but the solitaire game itself I suck at, never had solitaire before so I can't compare it to other ones, However... -time flew playing this, thats for sure. It was difficult for me, but I think I got the hang of it now.  Awesome achivement letters!!
Decent Solitaire game. Needs more flags though.
╱╱┏╮ ╱╱┃┃ ▉━╯┗━╮ ▉┈┈┈┈┃ ▉╮┈┈┈┃ ╱╰━━━╯
For those of you wondering how to access this because the developer seems to have some growing to do, it's in the equipment menu, under the robot's status picture with the equipment slots. You'll see a button labeled "Default" with no tabs or description at all as to what it does, but if you click on it, you can select the alternate skin in the dropdown menu. Note that the alternate skins mask over your current equipment, so you won't see any changes when you swap your parts out.
Great little game.  I give an 8/10 only because there are quite a few typos around the whole story line, but I understand this was probably made by Russian speaking devs so its forgiveable. The atmostphere is well put together provides a genuine scary experience, the game is not too jump scare-y. You usually get a warning or understand due to sound cues that something is going to happen if you don't act quickly.   The low res photo backgrounds are charming and coincide with the atmosphere well. Gameplay is (in my opinion) just right in terms of difficulty for this genre. You're not scratching your head for 20 minutes and given stupidly vague tasks to complete to pad the gameplay out, it's straightforward enough to enjoy, and challenging enough to make you feel like you've accomplished a real task.  This is a great little horror click a point with a huge potential for more and better games in this IP, give the devs your $ its a super cheap game and well worth the scares.   P.S. if the devs see this, I would be happy to help with type checking for any future games, I love these types of games and this one has charmed the pants off of me. Thanks devs!
Excellent game, short & immervise
[i]The Underworld chapter is an additional campaign with some new cards, strategies, and storyline beyond the original game. It is well worth the purchase, if you enjoyed the base game. My review of the base game included below.[/i]  [i]System Crash[/i] is a single-player, collectible card game set in a futuristic metropolis. I do not recall whether I bought [i]System Crash[/i] because it seemed like an intriguing card game or because it had a cyberpunk setting. Probably a little of both, and I was not disappointed on either front.   [b]Gameplay[/b] [i]System Crash[/i] gameplay is not unlike Artifact or Hearthstone, except it was clearly built on a much smaller budget, with fewer cards, lacking many of the bells and whistles of the aforementioned games, yet it is almost as much fun to play. The player and his computer adversary take turns playing cards using an ever-increasing credit pool which allows playing more cards or more powerful cards each turn. Similar to Magic: The Gathering, each turn has several phases; cards are drawn, cards are played, combat is resolved, and discards take place. In most battles, your objective is to inflict 50 points of damage to your opponent before they do the same to you.  Nothing particularly revolutionary, but the gameplay is well structured, and the computer AI is neither a pushover nor unbeatable. There is no multi-player gameplay, but the single-player campaign and tournament modes are more than enough.  [b]Characters/Customization[/b] You play the role of hacker-for-hire. Aside from naming yourself, the main customization in this game comes from customizing your card decks. A play deck has 40 cards made up of agents, modifiers, events, and support cards. Agents are your minions who will defend you and deal damage on your behalf. Modifiers enhance your agents or debilitate your opponent’s agents; events are instantaneous effects that affect gameplay; and support cards usually apply an effect that lasts a few turns before expiring.  [b]Story/Atmosphere[/b] Not only does [i]System Crash[/i] reside in a cyberpunk setting, but it comes with a single-player storyline with dialogue options. Again, not exactly an earth-shattering narrative but very appropriate in its noir tone and cyberpunk themes.  While the card art alone might have been enough for me, the story really helps glue the gameplay together from one card battle to the next.  [b]Graphics/Sound[/b] Both the visuals and audio (sound effects + aggressive electronic/ambient soundtrack) are strong contributions to the success of this game. Unlike some players, I did not encounter any technical issues or bugs during my campaign playthrough.  [b]Replay Value:[/b] Some. I did play through both the base campaign and the DLC chapter. I also played through some of the tournament content, just to unlock some Steam achievements. And at no point did any of it feel like a huge grind. I do not know if I would return to playing [i]System Crash[/i] on a whim, though, as I have already completed the story content.  [b]Overall Score:[/b] 7/10. Excellent (cyberpunk) alternative to other collectible card games.  [i]Played in 2018-2019.[/i]
Awesome expansion! The cyberpunk story is very well written and fun to follow. The new cards add different choices that open up additional strategies and make for exciting challenges. The artwork is beautiful with lots of variety to soak in. The music sounds nice too. I enjoyed the atmosphere and gameplay so much that I'm going to play it again and again. Overall it's a very smart game. Well worth the price of admission. I can't wait for future expansions, I will buy them for sure. Thank you Rogue Moon Studios for making such a wonderful game! Very nice people! :) Keep up the great work! :)
Overall it's alright. Get it after you beat the other modules if you want more content.  It's a bit short and kind of easy, I got through about 3/4ths of the campaign with the starter NetDaemon deck and then built a direct damage deck that carried me through the end. This is in contrast to the base game and the last module where I felt I needed to rotate between three specialized decks to counter the opponents in each mission.  The story isn't much but If you're really interested in the world of System Crash there's some new information. Though if you're hungry for cyberpunk world building I'd just recommend picking up a Shadowrun paperback or something.
New cards and new missions. Great addition to a great game. 
[h1]TL;DR[/h1]  Good DLC with new cards and tactics. Around 6h gameplay.  I've already reviewed the main game so I'll keep it brief.  [h1]GAMEPLAY[/h1]  There are some new character, tactic, weapon cards. Along with a new archive system where you have to keep track of discarded cards, they play an important role for the new addition of cards.   [h1]STORY[/h1]  Well written cyberpunk story, it's interesting and very much in line with the original setting. There's absolutely room to expand further on it (for future DLCs).    [h1]CONCLUSION[/h1]   Loved the DLC and took me around 6h to complete, well worth the price!
Great expansion to the base game with a lot of new cards.  Story is awesome as well, adding a lot of great new lore to the universe.
Great game with good story and nice drifting. 10/10 IGN.
Drove a few children over, Ran from the cops went home to play some IScream 10/10 would play again!
Bought because of the silly name, and turned out to be a rediculously random game for passing a bit of time
Funny and addictive. The only criticism I can lay is that the game crashed and lost all my progress.  Send waves of pals to get garbage for the flumf, build stuff. Send more guys. Repeat. Awesome.  https://youtu.be/r5ufS12Ebu0
This review refers to the present version of the game and it also is related to my personal experience  Pros: -controls feel natural and really smooth and you can figure out the controls without a tutorial -the physics of the game are great for skating and it almost everything feels completely natural -you can style the way you do tricks this means that grinds can be really specific or really quirky and you can move your legs mid air as much as you want to give your tricks a specific style -graphics are pretty great -you can skate on grass without any slowing down which is great because it gives you way more routes to skate -the spawn marker is really well done and easy to use on the fly -almost everything can be skated -the map is designed to be fun and realistic at the same time Cons: -the game is extremely glitchy and has a lot of bugs -it changes your stance for no reason from nollie to normal which is really annoying and all you can do about it is respawn like they should add a way to change your stance without respawning or and option to stay only goofy -it doesn't have an option menu implemented which is really really annoying as i would like to customize my gaming experience  -there is only 1 map -there should be a way for people to make their own maps without using mods -this might be because of me but some tricks don't work for me like manuals or high ollies and this limits my options quite a lot -the game doesn't have a large trick pool as a lot of flip tricks and other types of tricks are not implemented in the game -your character is really weird when he interacts with other objects aside from the skateboard and it breaks the immersion -the way your character falls is really unnatural  -it should have different difficulties because it is annoying when it locks you onto grinds when it shouldn't be possible Conclusion: The game has a lot of issues and is not a finished product yet but it is a lot of fun and a great game to just be chill on.I don't know if the developers are passionate about this project and want to finish it or if they just want some quick cash so buy at your own discression.I will recommend this game because it's fun and it is even more fun if you are a skater
Lots of lag and glitching. Control response is pretty slow as well, but the game is pretty cool and realistic.
this game is great , feels so real and the flow is smooth , could be one of the best skate games ever , hope they bring more maps cause now there is only 1 map , could have great potential if they add more content , but this is a great start , keep it up
dude coming from an actual skater, this is the best skate game ever. hands down the best board feel. you can even catch the tricks how ya want with your front or back foot. you guys should add damage too the board though. like i'm tryna see grooves in the trucks and marks on the board where you do slides. also, you guys should add the workshop to the game. it would make it so much easier to import maps and customize your character. but besides that the game is amazing. can't wait to the the full release. i highly recommend it.
Very good skating sim
This definitely feels more like a developers' demo than it does an early access game, but it gets me psyched for the full game to come out. The controls are very promising; they take a little while to get used to, but once you do, they just make sense and they're pretty exciting. There's no real objective right now other than just a chill skate session at a beautiful spot.  The demo is very buggy; the physics in particular can get pretty wild when you trigger them in just the right way, especially when your character resets after wiping out.  Overall, I highly recommend this game if for no other reason than to support the developers as they continue to work on the finished product.
A skaters dream
This one sparks joy.
Is really good , enjoy it more now since went to skaterxlmods. com have way more maps to play , anyways guys PLEASE ADD LATE TRICKS ... late flips , late shuvs , darkslides ... stuff like that. and grabs or i havn't found out how to do grab. although PLEASE .. late tricks
gr8 m8 i r8 9/11
This games is amazing!!!! It's more like a skating simulator then a game which is think is the highest praise. Controlling each foot with the thumb sticks feels very intuitive once you get the hang of it. Because it's difficult to land a great trick, it's super rewarding when you do. Unlike other older skating games that were "push A for a kick flip" type games, this makes you work for it. I love it!! Can't wait for more updates/the full game to be released.  Also, super cool proactive modding community.  100% recommend this to anyone even considering purchasing it.
I CANT SKATE GOOFY. I have been a skateboarder for over 10 years and the first thing I tried to do in this game was skate my natural way, which is "goofy." I would like to see better control and animations for goofy skaters like me. I have to do everything in the game backwards which is confusing and ruins the realism effect for me. I am sure it was not meant to be played that way. (unlesss im a regular skater going switch or fakie.)   I enjoy this game and am excited to see updates! I hope someone sees this and takes it into consideration.  KEEP ON THRASHING!! R.I.P. PHELPS!!!! R.W.T.F.
This game is worth the price, its very easy to add maps or alter the appearance on your character. You can also do some steazy tricks and the grinds look good if the board or trucks connect with the surface. From a very bad skaters perspective this game has everything i wanna do in real life but its less painful but not as rewarding as it is to land something i real life but its ok its just makes me wanna land it in real life instead. The only thing this game really needs is multiplayer. I still recommend it to anyone who likes skating.
This game is a dream come true for a skateboarding simulator/ real life imitation of skateboarding. It's extremely perfect and can only be improved by convenience issues with customization and minor animation flaws. There is absolutely no reason why I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone I know that has the specifications to run the game.
Is this game getting more skate parks? I love the mechanics but the one skate park gets dull pretty quick having options is always great. Overall I enjoy the game, Just needs more places to go, plus i had to start the game 4 times before my controller would work dont know what was going on there. It works everytime now though.
Best Skateboarding game to exist in the last 10 years.
I can and will KILL hours on this, the glitches are hilarious and minor to me, creative and innovative! please keep updating!! 10/10
I don't skate irl but have grown up playing all the Tony Hawk/Skate games, this coupled with old THPS soundtracks and cant help but reminisce. Skater XL plays a bit more like Skate (in a good way).  Can be kind of buggy as you sometimes fall without doing anything, but most of the time works fine. Being early access though I figured there would be more issues. I'm just relieved  we finally have a company working on a modern skating game. Skater XL shows such promise and I hope when its "live" we get some detailed customization options and a chance to play online with at least a couple friends. Would also be nice to have different camera angles and a record option to show off tricks. Regardless of its issues, I'm stoked to see what Easy Day Studios brings us!
I have very high hopes for this so long as the devs keep in touch with whats going on. This isn't a skateboarding game as much as a skateboard simulator. The controls are very difficult but beautiful at the same time. High learning curve, but worth it. Each time I land the exact trick I wanted to with the flair I want is so so satisfying. The one con right now is its $20 price tag for what is basically an unpolished demo. A half a dozen planters and some hand rails that lead no where is not much of a skate park. What I would give for a couple picnic tables and a funbox in this right now... lol  Still, high hopes considering I've been waiting for a good skate game/simulator on PC for more than 10 years.
its good deff had more stuff that it can be worked on. the controls are a little bit of a learning curve if you played ea skate being that each stick is suppose to be the left and right foot so i tend to try to turn with the joysticks instead of using the triggers.i hope they would be able to have a steam workshop for this to see custom maps/mods (if there is any already) but im glad to experience a refreshing take on skateboarding today since ea blew it.
i got this game last night and didnt get any mods for it yet, but from what ive played i love and hate this game.  I love what it can be, but what it is currently isnt bad but isnt good. In the future please implement an optional hud with the trick you did like the skate games, a better trick guide with more complex tricks, a low and high camera options, and if you can also another control scheme similar to the skate games to make newer players be able to understand the controls better. i know it will take time and thats obviously very understandable, but i feel like making certain optional things to make the game more casual instead of being a simulator all the time. i love the controls but sometimes i find it hard to know what i just did even as a skater myself. Maybe have options similar to the dirt games to make it feel arcadey like the skate games and options to make it realistic like it is now. i dont normally post reviews but i feel like this game could have a bigger fan base if an option to make it more arcadey for beginners or casual players.
DEECENT!
I actually like these mechanics better then skate. It feels so good to land tricks solid. I cant wait to see this more and more updated.
[h1][b]<3[/b][/h1]
¹³
I just wanna say. This game is amazing. I already want this as the full version. Mod maps are awesome.  Gameplay 10/10 Graphics   8/10 
This is easily the best skateboarding game to date.
It is a great game for being early acces if u use mods but without that it is really boring because you only have 1 map. The mod community is really active and make a lot of maps and clothes. it also isn't that intense it's really for laid back gaming if u just wabt to relax.   VeRy NiCe GaMe 
I always loved and played the games in the EA Skate franchise. Loved the controller scheme and with Skater XL, it took the controller scheme and made it 10x better. I can't think of any other words to use than I love this game.
In the first place I bought it for the full price and returned due to lack of content, however I have re-bought it in like few days, as it turns out that there is actually something to do thanks to its great modding community. I hope the authors will be inspired with the mods (especially as the source code is public). To sum up, the physics and controls of this game are brilliant, what you can do is absolutely great (even though it's on Unity engine, feels very professional!), the only problem is its very base contains only one little map and no other features for now, however being modded is actually kinda rich and fun. I have to say at the moment it's not really worth the full $20, but if you treat that $20 as an investment, it's worth it, especially as authors are doing some great stuff there all the time. Also, I know all of that thanks to Nightspeeds, so best regards to him as well.
Press start and then select twice when on your board. xxx
Wonderful wonderful game, watch some youtube videos of it if you are at all questioning if you'll enjoy it. Nightspeeds on youtube has great reviews / gameplay footage
Download Babbo Settings (POV Mod) and this will blow ur fookin socks off
[h1] First non-hentai game I have climaxed to [/h1] This game is pure exstasy. When I say game, I'm talking about the game engine that makes the skateboarding possible. There is not much of a game here. In fact, the only level provided is bare-bones and disappointing. That's where the modding scene comes in. There are so many quality maps made by the community! Several dozen!  Anyway as far as the skating goes, the mechanics are difficult to master to the point where it is frustrating. But after a week or two, your patience will pay off. It finally clicked today and it is amazing how precise tricks become second nature. Do a kickflip noseslide down the rail, followed by a varial heel across the gap! It just works!  This game is not for babies but being on a certain spectrum is recommended.
Fk I love this game
the fine controls and true responsiveness/ real world physics make this game true to skateboarding. theres a very steep learning curve, but don't give up. its just like skateboarding, hard, to pick up and extremely rewarding when it all comes together.
love it
The game is worth every penny if you care about the development of a new upcoming realistic skateboarding game. The mods are what make the game worthy at the moment but I can see a very bright future for this game. I didn't enjoy the game at first until I learned how to mod with the very helpful community discord. Honestly, I had refunded the game once then re bought it and I have no regrets.  Also if you are a unrealistic trick liner from skate 1, 2, 3 or THPS this game is probably not for you but honestly it's worth a try considering you can always refund if you don't enjoy it.
Let me explain to you guys what this game is because there are a lot of ignorant reviews here! To get the most out of the game you need to get involved with the community, the community around this game is great and the devs are well aware of that and engage with it as well. This is not a stand alone product yet, more of a community effort to make the skate game we all wanted. There is an amazing amount of community created content that is very easy to mod into your game, so if you consider buying this game i would advice you to join the SXL MODDING DISCORD, you can access all of the contend from there! So give the devs a break, they don't rely on the content the modders create, but there is not reason not to encourage it, they are a small team and have shown that they work on this game. Stop judging an early access game for being early access!
As a actual skater, the level of style you can have in this game is unreal.  Keep it up!
so buttery,even more if you shred irl. plz devs more spots
If you have a hole in your soul after the demise of the Skate series, look no further. Promising indeed, (with the help of a great community active with mods).   But, beware as well. Developers seem slow, with updates far between. What's there right now, without mods, is quite lackluster.   + good controls once you're used to it + realistic, I'd say more so than the Skate series + great mod community   - slow development, not much dev communication
This is probably the best skateboarding game for PC I have ever played. The controls are really accurate and makes it actually feel like I'm controlling the skateboarders legs with my thumbs. The mods are easy to install and manage making it fun to play around with the settings and graphics of the character and skateboard. I recommend this game if you are looking for some fun and to challenge yourself.
very good the pc skate game we needed but definatly needs further improvement including a workshop
great game
So, I love the idea. When It wasn't glitching out. The controls don't feel bad, in fact they feel pretty unique. But I constantly would die when kicking off from a regen making it kinda frustrating to mess up cause I coulnd't just jump back in, Id have to wait for my character to octopus about a few times.I like the idea of the game, but for 20$ (or 15$ for the sale) this is WAY over priced for what you get, early access or not. So I am gonna recommend it, but only if you are willing to buy a barebones game at 20 dollars.
worth
Finally!! a skateboard game that is pretty realistic.  Having a skate spot I used to skate myself is also a fun plus.  Super excited to see where they take this game beyond early access.  If you skated growing up or like skateboard games this will be a must. Still pretty rough.
if you like realism get this game trust me
This game is awesome i love it
Not enough content to warrant a full release. This is more akin to a demo than a full game. Sure, the mechanics are decently fun, but there's barely any content. The base map doesn't even have any really fun obstacles to play with. I'm not asking for quarter pipes, but I'd appreciate a stair set that's more than two feet's worth of a drop.  There's also just a lack of tricks. No reverts or powerslides?
"Not enough content for $20" lmao you ever bought a skateboard in real life?  Skateboarders happily spend hundreds of dollars on completes and shoes, knowing that we're gonna burn through them in a matter of months just to go back out and do it again. Most of us have thousands of hours at the 3-5 nearest skateparks and street spots worth visiting, and we're fine with that. An empty lot and a flatbar is more than enough to entertain yourself for years.  In it's current early access state this game is an absolute blast, and worth far more than $20 to anyone who cares about gaming and skateboarding. The modding community has multiplied that value ten fold, and the devs have shown their primary focus right now is improving and expanding the detail and the quality of the core mechanics- simulating the act and feeling of riding a skateboard- and aside from transition, it's already there.  I can't tell you how many times I've put 30+ minutes and dozens of tries into something as simple as a three-piece line just because I wanted to put it together just right.   The way you set up- the way that you spin and adjust your hips- the way you catch the board or pop out of a ledge- you have fine control over all of it, and getting it nailed down exactly how you envision is the most fun and satisfying thing you can do without getting on a skateboard in real life.  This is the game skateboarding deserves.
Finally a skate game that is challenging! Would like to see foot plants and no complies added to the control layout.
buggy mess that I LOVE!
GAME IS FOR REAL SKATERS NOT SCREAMING CHILDREN !!!!! IM VAUGHN CONRATH FROM CHICAGO. SEE YOU AT THE DAMN AM!!!!!!
ive played very little of it but i gona play more. the contros are diffrent but i like the control of the character and bord and can create a style you like. wana see multiplayer and come out in the future and more maps and more spots i see this becoming the next skate game and something i could digg 
One of the best skating games so far 
Yes this game is very bare bones now. Yes there isn't customisation or frequent updates.  However I would still recommend this in this stage. There is a very active discord server with all the available help for clothing mods, map mods, board mods and until the game is updated and released I feel that that is enough satisfaction for buying this game. The controls are very intuitive once you get used to them, I feel like they are the most logical controls for a skate game using each individual stick for each foot. It allows for players to add styles and tweak their grinds and flips as well as even one-foot catches. Highly recommend for any skaters although maybe be harder for non-skaters to agree.
If you skate, you'll love this game. While it is super buggy, lags all the time, and lacks content, the mechanics are amazing! It's so much fun, and slightly more challenging than skate 3. You're definitely going to have to download mods because the base game only comes with one tiny map. But with that said, I would definitely recommend it. Love this game!
While the game is in Early Access it is a solid game, I don't really recommend it right now, but give it a few months to pick up steam (hah) and progressively become better.  6/10
Short time review, we need more [u]core[/u] games like this!
Great game
Good game to chill out and have fun with. Some bugs and stuff but every game has there fair share, maybe this game a little more :)). But in the end its in early access and is still fairly new so i hope it has a lot more to offer in the future. Multiplayer or a leaderboard, challenges or something <3
It ain't skate 4 but I believe in this game
This game is something PHENOMENAL, and it's still in early access! There are not much "official" content yet, but the modding community is outstanding. New maps posted couple days a week, clothes and other mods daily.   I have skated almost 17 years and played skateboarding games since the first Tony Hawk -series games. They were amazing back then I thought, how anything can be better than this. Then came EA SKATE games and they blow my mind. So much improvement in graphics and the controls were so good! I have ALWAYS played these skateboarding games as realistic I can, even the Tony Hawk games. So EA SKATE games were dream come true for me. And then out of nowhere came the release of this "game". First I was like "omg, this is so hard, this is not good" BUT... when I realized how things work out this game totally blew my mind like EA SKATE made back then. AND IT'S A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!   I haven't touched any Tony Hawk game after I started playing EA SKATE. Now I haven't touched any EA SKATE game after purchased this game. It's just feel so good when you get used the controls and mechanics! I can totally recommended this game, even in this development point. For "true" skaters, this is just a dream come true. But for casual players who are used to crazy stuff in Tony Hawk and EA SKATE game, this might feel little too little.  + Promising new skateboarding game + Realistic approach + Feels amazing when you get used to controls and mechanics + Looks good + Amazing modding community providing new stuff daily!  - Might be difficult at first - Not much "official" content yet - Casual gamer can think 16,59e is too much
It's a good game but a bigger map and more tricks would make this game even better
More skateboarder than gamer, and even in Early Access this game is a godsend. The EA Skate games were huge for me - back when I was in school I could be always be found either skating, or playing Skate. Obviously though they haven't continued the series.. so I haven't bought a console nor do I keep an old one around, and it's been a long, long time since I've had a fun Skate game to fiddle with.  The controls at first were frustrating, but now that I'm somewhat used to them it feels more comfortable and more complex at the same time. You can really style stuff out depending on the speed and direction of your pop and flick; the low/high pop system makes a whole lot of sense; and in general it really feels like a skateboarding simulator rather than a game. I understand that's not fun for everyone, but hot damn it is for me!  The only thing I find a bit off is the switch controls. They're not awful, and they do make some sense (reg kickflip is the same motion as a fakie kickflip just rolling the other way.. accurate).. BUT. There's also a mechanic that switches your default stance, and changes up the pop direction for your left & right foot. For some reason, even after playing the game for a while & getting used to the controls - that version of 'switch' makes more sense in my head.  I've also messed with the Skater mobile game a good bit & do wish it had a bit more extended development - though I was thrilled to hear that they'd been working on a full game. Hopefully development follows through, but even if not the modding community makes this game 100% worth it to me as is.
I hope this game will become as good as skate series. I like the steering, i had to get used to it but now it seems very logical. The way a character does flip tricks is nicely done (board can spin slower or faster depending on your joystick movement). This game has a lot of potential, im waiting for new parks or a big map and repairing physics bugs like falling just after spawning on a marker.
This game is early access, many of the reviews seem to not understand this. It works, it is playable and fun if quite buggy. I would not recommend this game if you want a perfectly complete and polished game right now. Though I have had fun playing around with it and maps from the modding community.  Only buy this now if you know what you're getting yourself into.
Although it's early access and buggy, the foundational gameplay is solid. I love the control scheme and how each foot is assigned a stick and fakie stance reversed the controls but not the camera maintaining orientation but you can also switch stance with select which changes the controls again. All the different stances which feel different in real life make sense in the game. That's not all that I love about the controls, the triggers for shoulders are great too. The community is another great part of the game adding a ton of content. All in all I recommend the game it's great and even though its missing a lot I have a lot of faith in the developers based on what I've seen so far and also all the love the games been receiving.
While not a completed Skateboard by any means it does admirably to imitate other AAA titles as the Tony Hawk and EA Skate titles. Priced at 20$ I would only buy this game if you love skateboarding and need a game to play and have no access to the other skateboard games. While buggy and somewhat hollow due to the lack of updates from the developer, the Modding community keeps this game alive with new maps and other such content. Dont come in with high expectations and pray we get more updated content. 7/10. with mods 8.5/10.
Absolutely outstanding game. This is the best skateboarding simulator I know of. But its in a very early stage, its not worth buying if youre not prepared to mod the game. The controllers have a really hard learning curve
Updates are coming slowly, but they're efficient. The community is amazing!
The game is absolutely amazing but it needs a good computer to run, definitely a good to game to if you have a good computer.
Chances are, anyone giving this game a bad review, either cant run the game properly, or doesn't skate in real life. The fact that you can do front foot catches and pinch grinds is honestly amazing. This game is certainly in its early stage, but it has so much potential and it definitely deserves a chance. It's well worth the 20 in my opinion.
its alright, could use some updating on the bails and lagging but other than that theres not really a issue.
Early access is well worth the money for people who want a new skateboarding game, a more realistic simulation one at that.  The Courthouse map you get is small but still the main place I skate.  The mods are simple and not dangerous, and the community is making the game worth way more than $20.  The developers are actively updating us with information and tweaks, as well as fully embracing the mod community.  Know what you're getting into and paying for so you don't feel the need to complain about another thing on the internet.
would like to see more maps that are not modded into the game and mutiplayer would be relly fun
Great game. It’s a very very realistic skating game. Just some things neeeeeeed to be added somethings like grabs, walking or even running and foot plants other than those 5 stars.
[b]Don't buy this right now if you're expecting a ton of content and accessibility, it isn't there, and it may be a while until it is.  Do buy it if you, like many others, sorely desire a good skateboarding game on PC and you're willing to rely on mods while the game is still in development to fill in the content gap. [/b]  To me this is a skateboarders game first and foremost but it can definitely be picked up and enjoyed by non-skaters with a little bit of practice. The control scheme is fairly in depth but logical, so long as you can somewhat imagine what type of movement would cause certain types of tricks to happen. If you can get past the hurdle of a non-traditional control scheme (it's not as simple as EA's Skate games, for example), then you're all set. The modding community is very enthusiastic and thriving, lots of maps and textures for your skater and board are available already to give much needed variety to the base product. Remember it's an early access game, you are not entitled to swift development or constant updates.  Be aware the base game in its current form is barebones, lacking even a conventional pause menu and other things.
Skater XL both fills a need for a realistic skateboarding sim and carves its own path with a unique trick system involving both stick. This provides a new challenge for old guards of the EA Skate franchise as well as opening possibilities for a more expansive library of flip tricks, grinds, manuals, and full combos. I'd be mentioning my boredom with the only available environment if not for the dedicated modding community adding new locations as well as model updates and special scripts for video editing, editing attributes such as push power and board pop, and much more to come in the future. I'm glad to have picked this up and see myself following this project years past completion.
Serious lack of updates but so much potential! Just add Steam Workshop support and the modders/community will make the game for you lol
Really fun, but its a long way till its finished. If you download some maps its nice.
10/10 would kickflip noseblunt again
best skateboarding game that will ever release 
see ... this game is good  but ... as soon as they make it available to get off your board and walk/ give maps without modding and sketchy character rag doll*ing. Then, Only then, this will be an overall superior game.  untill then this game is labelled (by me) as just **GOOD**  fingers crossed they dont take 2908731081730847314 years to get to this point
The fidelity of the game in regards to actual skateboarding is unreal and if you're capable of reading install instructions the community mods take it to a whole other level. Love it.
Only just start playing this today, but as someone who has a bit of real life skate knowledge, paired with having played first the tony hawk games and then the skate games to death, this game is incredible.   Yes it only has one area by default, but there are tons of real life parks you can add to the game as mods so there is plenty to skate. there's also loads of cosmetics you can get as well, they are not as simple to add as the maps, but really the areas to skate is what you're really going to want at first anyway.  It takes the flickit system from skate and dials it up to 11. Your right stick  and left stick are your right and left feet independently, so the variation and style of tricks is only limited to what you can imagine. I've been doing varial impossibles and kick flip underflips and stuff within the first hour of playing (proper rodney mullen tricks that I'd never be able to do in real life, for this alone this game is a must buy. the game lets you skate like rodney mullen)   So yeah. the game is kind of bare bones right now, but it has the foundation of a great skate system in place already, and propped up by the top notch modding community on the discord, I can 100% recommend this to anyone who is thirsty for some real skate action in a game.   If you liked Skate, you should love this. Proper Skaters and Skateboarding enthusiasts especially will be in their element.
This game is sick! The modding community is cool! and you can do so much. The feet move with the sticks and its the sickest skate game i've played. Basically Skate 4
A great tweak on the joystick controls known from EA Skate.  This early version still lacks a lot of polish and functions, but a large modding community has helped create a more rounded experience such as adding a replay function and more than the one default map.  Excited to see how this game shapes, but I would already recommend Skate enthusiast to play around with it in its current shape, since it really scratched the itch I've been feeling since EA's abandonment of EA skate
Literally my go to game when I don't have anything else to do.  If you are thinking of buying keep this in mind, the game is almost completely based on the modding community.  You can install maps, decks and clothes through modding discord servers and websites, without those things you'll have one map so it's up to you.  Good skating game, interesting controls but you'll adapt.  So after you buy look up how to install skate 3 mods on youtube and enjoy.
By far the the best skateboard sim game ive played.  However if ur expecting to pay 20 dollars for a even close to finished game without using mods its not for you.  And to the devs can you please change the guys switching stances every time u go back to ur spawn point.  Doing lines u set ur point in ur stance and direction and it gets super frustrating when it changes it every spawn almost
Don't have much hours but being a true fan of the skate series this game has huge potential, got the game twee weeks back stop playing for a week was not feeling it came back this morning after updates and WOW you guys did a huge job feels very smooth and better fuck man keep up the work i really hope this becomes something big, for now you got me on board
To every motherfucker out there who is crying about this game bc its buggy and has some issues fuck y'all. Yes the game is buggy, what did u expect from a early access game ?? mods make some bugs even worse and sometimes unplayable so use it on your own risk. If you buy this game play it maybe for 30mins and then come here to cry "fucking game doesn't even work right bla bla bla bla" then go fuck yourself or make it better. Support the devs, play the game after each update patch and u will see they make progress. And yes the controls are next level but still useable/playable. I wish that they will someday make a better skate game then Skate 3.
this is one of the best skating games ive played, 10/10, everyone needs to buy this game.
Sweet kick-ass game, wish all the luck with bugs and new feature development as a fellow Software Developer, I know how hard it is, game already looks awesome, pleanty to learn and try with the controls, should invest in a few difficulty in controls and aids for wall bashings instead of just falling, so not to waste too much time if preffered :) .Start working on the UI, if ya need help contact me :D Have lots of ideas to improve and make it the best to last eternety and the THPS Hall of Fame for Contribution among the fans and old bastards striving for this materpiece for more than 10 years. 9.9/10 for now :D
good deviant fun, if you're into that kinda thang. fun skating fun body motionz I like stuff they tell me do and I go
15 hours in and I still can't stand the controls for switch. Everything makes sense until you switch stance and then everything is counter intuitive to the regular controls. Riding goofy, I flick the right stick to the right to do a kickflip, makes sense. Riding switch (regular),  I have to push the sticks up to pop, then flick the left stick inwards like I'm doing a heelflip to do a kickflip? Completely backwards.. Why can we not get these things fixed, but we're getting updates for transition skating that isn't even included in the original map? I just don't follow the development priority here.  Still enjoy the game, I just don't understand the controls half the time.
The ultimate zen chillout game.  I play this whenever I'm on a work call, or talking to my S.O. on the phone. This is one of the few games I can play while listening to podcasts or an audiobook, and yet it's still tons of fun.  New user-created maps drop almost daily, and the quality is phenomenal. The devs are great about taking player feedback and updating accordingly.  Session is trash compared to this. Skate 4 will likely never happen - but that's ok, because SXL is that good.
Honestly since the days of EA's SKATE Franchise, this has been the best and most stable skating game i have ever played up to date and on PC! They had just put out a new update yes some improvements and bug fixes but its only like the 5th patch/update. There is going to be soo many more and the developers are keeping on it. Don't be discouraged from bad reviews and rumors, this game may be an offline game for now and not any workshop for it in steam as of what i know of, but this game has a very very HEAVILY dedicated community on Discord and on dedicated websites for sooooo many mods and script improvements and all whatever you can think of. Oh yeah and the mods couldn't be more easier to install annndd even make yourself if you really wanted to make some texture's even in photoshop or something! I love this game it is my go to for alll scenarios play time, boredom, watching Twitch, Live Streams, boot up for a few mins ect. It also doesn't need or take tooo much resources or PC power to handle it i can have chrome open some other programs even photoshop and SkaterXL all at the same time and it still runs perfectly fine although you might have to set it to Very High or High doing all of that but heyy its amazing! Sooooo all in all im more than satisfied and im going to be completely honest (TBH), i was skeptic at first on buying this from hearing rumors and readding reviews BUT i decided to make the GO and oh boy not even a smidge of disappointment!!! SOOO WHAT ARE YA WAITING FOR MAKE THE PURCHASE YOU WON'T REGRET IT I PROMISE!!!!!!! And for the Devs oh geeze boiis you guys have done did it i can't wait for more updates and improvements and ect!!!!
This is a game that has a lot of potential. As with most Early-Access games, it's rough, unfinished, and lacks a lot of content. I would say you should buy this game if you want to see it grow in the future, not because the current game is good. Supporting the developers will help the game get better and better and eventually it'll become the spiritual skate 4 we all want
i'm happy to see this. a developer that does update this now and then. To create the best experience for us. and mostly creating a game to stand out in reality on this niche market. If skate and tony hawk underground fans know about this game. It's going to have a blast on players. I also like how the're polishing the game on mechanic instead of more maps and stuff we don't need a.t.m.   just realistic mechanics and the rest later.  If you want more maps download some mods. It's 10 minutes of work.  Keep up the good work!  
A great early access game the devs are listening to the playerbase and focusing on game mechanics while the thriving mod community continues to make maps, scripts and skins. Id recommend this game to anyone waiting for an EA skate game even though the double stick controls and free flip mechanics make it a very different game. It is also a great game if you simply like skating games in general and want to try your hand at making mods. All in all the community has made soo much content for the game i have over 25 maps, a replay editor and I make my own skins, cant wait to see what the future of this game will bring.
First things first, if you don't skate or aren't a huge fan of realistic street skating then don't buy this game yet. In it's current state, there's just not enough here for the non-skater YET. Most are likely to be turned off by the fact that there's only a single map by default (though tons via modding) and that transition skating is wonky. There's no scoring and no tasks or objectives. No real goals outside of the ones you set for yourself and people who don't understand core skating are likely to run out of self set goals fast.  If you're big on skateboarding and skate simulation, then you're going to love this. It's the most realistic representation we've had yet, hard tricks definitely give a sense of accomplishment. The idea that the devs aren't working hard on the game is wild to me. Everybody wants things done right now. As it stands, they're updating the game specifically for those already playing it. Fixes to the transition skating system are entirely pointless on the default map, they're tinkering with the game play in direct response to how the community is playing the game and that is exactly what you want from an early access game. The game released in late December and we're averaging 1 update a month. Solid rate in my opinion.  I love this game, I highly recommend supporting it so long as you're aware of what it is and know what you're getting into as opposed to neglecting the reviews, buying the game and then complaining because you didn't do your homework.
So i'n like 120 hours into the game, and its awesome.  You have to be creative though.  At the current moment (Q1 2019), you are dropped in a sandbox environment with assorted features and gaps; no scores, UI, objectives or means to compete.  What you can do is skate for the fun of it, and work on complicated lines that you discover cruising around.  You have to play this with a controller, when you press up on the directional pad, it places a marker that you can respawn at.  Allowing you to designate the perfect approach to a gap/rail/ledge/ramp/transition etc..  If you enjoy filming gameplay and making skate "realistic" videos, this feature can be really fun.  For example if you find a sweet ledge you wanna practice manuals on, set the marker at the top of the hill and shred for a while.  The physics need work but it is really fun when it all clicks.  I love this game and will keep playing it, check back in 6 months.
Good game
Amazing community and a very respectable early access game, enjoyed thoroughly when combined with the modding capabilites
I believe this game has a LOT of potential. I would really like to see some better transitioning, as well as a story line in the main game. If at all possible, hook it up with Denver Skatepark! Free roam would also be cool.
This game is so fun. The pros and cons of the gameplay have pretty much been discussed in these reviews.   I'm honestly really thankful the developers released an early access considering I've been waiting years for a good new skateboarding game. The devs are down with the modding community, they're open to feedback (they're obviously reading our comments), the modders are making cool stuff, what's the problem here? We get something to play while the devs go to work on something bigger and better. With respect to everyone's concerns, I'm not buying the narrative that the devs are suddenly no longer interested in making a skateboarding game now that they've collected 20 bucks from us. Why stop now?  Anyway, I'm really enjoying the game and I hope all you guys do as well. Have a nice day.
This game controls amazingly and has partial mod support. I hope the community AND the devs continue creating new content for it.  Must own for Skating fans.
Love this game! 10/10
10/10
This is easily the best skate 1 clone out there...  There are some issues though.  I hope in the coming updates you'll be able to   1: Pop several ollies in a row, so you can actually keep going after landing a trick.   2: Needs REVERTS!   3: Let me skid out on my board guys, please  4: You can't turn side to side to get your board going, the wheels don't actually roll on your board like in Skate.      There's several more issues, but this is early in development. Don't let this become another one in the bin of unfinished projects, please!
I have played this game a lot. I like this game a lot. It took the devs 4 years to get to this point so it may take some tweaking to get it all the way there. I am hoping to see big improvements by this summer. The modding community should not have more content than you guys at the moment. I think it is worth $20 even if the devs do nothing more honestly but I would like to see more improvements
This is by far the best Skate Sim for PC. i give this 8.5/10 despite being early access   Good job lads
If you like skateboarding games and you don't have Skater XL , I dunno what you're doing with your life.
Controlls are great! Did find some bugs like the character suddenly falling even though i didnt hit anything or respawning. The character fell right through the ground when respawning some times also, but could easily fix that by pressing the respawn button again though. This game will be GREAT if/when they add more maps/tracks/parks to skate on and maybe a character designer. Despite all that. I am already in love with this game so i can't wait for the full release!
This game is awesome, is definitely good enough of a replacement for people who've been asking for Skate 4 for nearly 10 years. After getting used to the controls I greatly prefer the feel of this game to Skate. Some reviews have complained about the controls and honestly I think those people should git gud because once you have the hang of them they are much more satisfying than Skate.   Worst part so far is that the game is definitely unfinished, without map mods it is basically a demo. Good news is that the modding community is very active and new maps are constantly being made, as well as mods to fix or tweak gameplay issues.  The devs also seem to be adding patch updates quite regularly and hopefully they will continue to do so and not just abandon this game and leave it up to modders to keep it alive... though even in that case it would still be a great game.  Overall awesome game 9.5/10 fuck EA, always feels better to support a small company.
PLEEEEEEEEASSEEE ADD MULTIPLAYER PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE !
most promising skate game to come in a while ! hope the devs put alot of time and effort in completing the game ! def would buy to support this team and help advance the projet ! do not buy if your looking for a full game right away. this is early alpha
Epic
So this game is very good but please add maps or make it easier to download the tons of mods available
I literally can't play a "Skate" game again.   The controls for this game are next level. The game is buggy sure, it's an early access title; and if $20 supports the devs, totally worth it for me.   It seems once a month they release an update that adds new textures or enhances the physics used within the Unity engine.   Mods are easy to install and expand the pre-release game.
The game itself is great fun. You literally just skate about! Joining the SkaterXL discord lets you download many more maps the community has created. Even without the big selection of maps, its still worth getting imo. If you enjoyed the skate series or you like the idea of a skateboard simulator, its well worth picking up.
Very good potential on the game, a good base for the moment, now remains to see more ... I would like as I suppose everyone here, to have one day an Online mod to play with his friends, and why not a publisher of park, which would be great, because for the moment the movements and possibility of trick, remains limited by the size of the map! If you liked the SKATE series buy the eyes close!
its a pretty good game its just needs more parks and a workshop
The game is good or shaping up to be. Make the workshop happen and I'll buy this back. That's what this game needs. The mod community is insane. Bring it here to the game for everyone. Because there's no actual content atm. Please! This could be the next Skate 4.
Fun. Better than skate 3 in my opinion
About the only complaint I have, is the tutorial videos seems to take a min to load up, I have to run the game at the lowest settings or it just instant crashes, Game-play wise, Very fun, Wish it had a pause menu though, But Alot of fun
amazing game. landing tricks is so much more satisfying than in other games
Incredible game with an even better community of modders making maps, assets and more to keep it fresh while the devs work on polishing up the product. A must buy if you like skating IRL or just skate games in general.
So far i love it i know you guys still have tons of work but not bad at all can't wait for you guys to add more stuff keep it up guys plz pretty plz lol
2 hours into this and I'm hooked.  At the moment, it's a bare bones game, but I sorta like it as is.  Sure, I look forward to future parks, customization, etc.  But at the moment it is relaxing af! I almost wish there was some wind sound effects or some sounds of a bustling park.  I look forward to zoning out to this game every evening and working on some trick challenges.
Wow!! Thank you, Thank you, Thank you! Sickest sk8 game I have  played in a long time. The controls definitely have a learning curve but make complete sense. I am playing this on the Steam Link App on Android TV with a Bluetooth Xbox one controller and it works perfectly (just need to click on the play button with a mouse at the beginning.) the detail of the demo Level is amazing! haven't seen so much attention to detail on any other games. Obviously the devs have skated and definitely know what's up. If you have skated before, you will appreciate this amazing reenactment of what skating was or still is for you. THUMBS UP and rooting for the team! This will change the future skating games!
Game is sick. Just needs more places to skate
Great game! Hope they bring out more updates.
best skateboarding game ever
awesome game, deff going in the right direction, a little hard do do grinds, the board always wants to flip and its hard to do different grinds like nose and tail slides ect. but all in all going in the right direction and cant wait for the final product to come and all the bugs and controls fixed and figured out and to see what all they end up doing with it, been waiting for a game like skate 1-3 to be on PC so im very excited
Great game, The modding community really makes this. Can't wait to see what future updates bring in terms of Community shared mods, new parks and locations,  customization, etc
Needs alot of work the basics are there needs more camara angles i don't like the one it has and need to be able to tweek controls better as up on the left stick ollie's and messes me up alot but the fundamentals are solid just need alot added to it
There is great potential in this game!!!  Yes there are bugs, glitches, funky physics or limited features but that's part of early access and as long as you the player is informed about it being early access, there is very little one can complain about. Support the devs and let's work together to bring more epic games to our beloved platform.     GAMEPLAY.  The general idea of one foot/leg per analog stick is brilliant! Since the early Skate games on console I've always wondered why such control schemes were never used, it's very realistic in the way you would perform on a real board.  The controls will feel a little awkward, using the triggers to turn your body, one stick to make the board flip and another stick to slightly angle the board to get that perfect backside heelflip nose, which can get super confusing. But practice makes perfect!  As more work is done on this game, more spots added in and a few game modes, this game will definitely be a worth while purchase to spend hundreds of hours on.  I would say hang ten and follow development of this project, but instead I'll say shut up and take my money and let's make, not just any skate Sim, but thee skate Sim.
DISCLAIMER: I bought this knowing full well it's a very early access game in development. My $20 was to help fund the project, more or less. With that said, this game has a lot of promise. It controls a LOT better than the "other" skateboarding game in development hell right now, and it's easy to grasp flip tricks, grinds, etc.   What I'm not a particular fan of, is the turning. Hot off the heels of games like Skate and Thug Pro, it's second nature to want to use the left analog stick to turn - and you can SORT of do that, but it's a lot easier to feather the left and right triggers to turn. I feel a great addition to the control mechanism would be to allow the player to turn with the left stick when pushing (holding down A) and making more precise turns with the triggers, (EX: coming up to a rail, etc).  I often found myself stuck, and having to ollie out of a corner or a gap I was trapped in because at this point in development you can't get off your board. This is a bit irritating because you bail, and wind up back at your starting marker.   Otherwise, it's a really fun game. Doing a varial heel to a smith down a handrail FEELS like an accomplishment, a  360 shuv it out of a nose manual off the pad  just looks cool. I would go as far to say that this is a simulator. With the exception of the hilarious ragdoll physics. It's the most realistic skateboarding game I've played yet - I can't wait to see what this becomes.   Don't go into this expecting a full polished game, the money you spend is going to keep the devs on this project. Consider it an investment - in return we're given a decent, fun little tech demo. Keep up the good work guys.
Best Skateboarding Game EVER.
yes
I have been dying for a new Skate game and I am so glad that other people, that can actually make a game, feel the same as me. I know some of the SKate developers are part of this game and I can definitely say they truly have a passion for making a skateboard accurate sim. Still in early development but I am so glad I invested the $20 to buy this game. Hopefully others invest as well so that we can fund a truly immersive skate world. Buy this game!!!!
it's good sim but you should really add some other famous places for skateboarding.. and physics is really good but falling simulation is preatty bad.. do you really fall like a log when you hit a ledge? the game does need some improvements but for early stage is rockin!
Best Skateboarding game on pc
Obviously there is not much here on the surface, but the modding community has taken care of that.  I swear i keep having the same moments in this game getting the simple tricks on lock that i did in real life. Obviously the no hand manipulations for now is lame, but the feet style available is subtle and great. and it's literal. I feel like if this gets developed right this game will do for actually helping kids learn tricks what THPS and Skate did for making it accessible and cool.  It's worth learning the map mods, it's not difficult. If i can do it. you can to.
Pros: Control Scheme is inventive/intuitive Graphics look great The Modding community has almost turned this game to a full blown skateboarding game with loads of maps/skateparks Modding community Hallelujah! Cons: Vert is broken playable and workable but its pretty rough The base game is lackluster without mods but its early access and shit so gotta forgive that  Overall I love the game even with some of its bugs, it truly shines once you get some modded maps in, camera mods, etc. It really is the closest feeling to actual skateboarding I have ever played and if your looking for that on pc this is definitely it.
Good. Very good. Although there is only one map the modding community for this game is amazing. Literally they have made so many maps, their own map importers, clothes, and decks that you can import, it's great. The downside is that it's twenty dollars and learning how to download and mod all the stuff can be quite difficult if you're not tech savvy So I suggest watch a couple youtube videos on how to mod in Skater XL. The controls are super intuitive as well and if you Skate in real life it comes quite naturally. Left stick = Left Leg Right Stick  = Right leg. IT works very smoothly as well and I can't wait for the game to grow.
+++ - If you're looking to fill the void from the skate series, this will do - Control is unreal, and even doing simpler flip trick to grind combos can be satisfying - Graphics are super crisp   --- - True early access title. It's a small amount of content for $20 so far (yet I personally have gotten my $$ worth) - No vert yet  Once devs add stuff this game is a no-brainer for anyone and everyone. Until then, it is more suited for people interested in skateboarding sim games.  
This game shows great potential.
This is my new favorite game of all time.  Joining the community-run modding discord is an absolute must.  I really don't know what else to tell you, but I sure hope the devs and the fantastic modding community keep up the great work.  Edit:  seriously,  current all-time favorite.  I'll update this review when that changes.
wait what game is this
This game is amazing the style is dope. i love it ,,,,thank you
game is amazing   can we just get more parks please
I have skateboarded for almost 20 years. This game is amazing.  Pros: 1.) Feels like you're actual skateboarding. Controls map directly to your virtual feet. Want to do a three-sixty flip? Just think about what your feet would naturally do. 2.) Feed-back loop is rewarding, just like IRL. Spending an hour setting up a sweet trick feels just as rewarding as the real thing. 3.) Physics and overall simulation feel very fluid. 4.) Skating switch, or doing tricks you normally wouldn't do IRL are HARD.  5.) About as motivating as watching a skate video -- makes you want to ride your board and try stuff you wouldn't otherwise do. 6.) Mod support.  Cons: 1.) Might not feel natural to non-skateboarders. 2.) Small initial map. 3.) Needs a button to easily switch stances. So far it seems you need to hard reset by hitting your equivalent "select" button. Sometimes it's not obvious if you are riding your natural stance or switch -- awkward interactions with fakie and nollie. 4.) Still early access, so the devs can stop providing content. Very minimal at this point. 5.) No ability to customize character appearance or deck graphic. 6.) Could improve the simulation by providing the ability to customize your deck setup (board width, bushing tightness, truck height/width, wheel diameter, etc).  TLDR: Hard game but if you skate it's the best out there. Hopefully the developers continue to add to it.
Amazing game, best thing since the Skate series. Gamers/skaters have needed a legit skating game, and this could be it if the devs put in the work! Only has the Courthouse at the moment, but there's also a huge community of modders that have created maps, clothes, decks, all sorts of stuff. Can't wait to see all the future updates. Game play is amazing, you can style out your tricks, rocket tricks, tweak them, catch with your front or back foot, switch tricks look different than your normal tricks, it's perfect for someone who's wanting a skateboarding sim kind of game
Great skating sim, much more difficult than any other I've played. Kindof like if Skate 3's hardcore mode was 100x more hardcore. This makes the tricks feel so much more rewarding when you do land them, and on high graphics settings it looks very realistic.  You have an INSANE amount of control of the board, allowing you to style out your tricks and even choose which foot to catch them with.  Switch actually feels switch.  it IS an EARLY ACCESS game, which mean's it's not finished. There's only one spot and you'll probably encounter a few glitches along with a steep learning curve; don't worry, its still worth it.  Also, don't listen to people who are complaining over the lack of updates; making a video game is very hard and takes a lot of time, especially when still dealing with the physics and code of it like the devs are. Luckily, there is an active modding community and you can download more parks there.
Sick Game. Almost feels like Skate 3.  I would love to see a real Map though, and a Multiplayer open world map would also be sick.   Imagine Skate 3 with Multiplayer <3 hahaha :D   And Character Customization! And Stuff like Punching people!
good game i definitely spend a lot of time playing but they need to hurry up and release some updates. I like the current map but we need some more. ive been doing the same shit for too long. the tricks need some work, i dunno if its my controller or what but the mechanics for manuals sucks dick it seems, so much so that i dont even use the stage for manual tricks cause i simply cant. sometimes u go into manual and 95 percent of the time your dude just wont manual at all. the freedom with the controls are nice so i can do my tricks how i want with steeze but u should be able to slide more on the ground and whatnot and turn faster when tryna do 180 or 360 tricks. also i hope they fix the fact that when u flip a trick, you land, and like no matter what as long as your fingers arent still on the joy sticks the board will auto turn right side up. i dont wanna be doing treflips that auto land and look dumb, if i over rotate the kickflip during a tre id rather eat shit than land it.  sick game but as someone who skates, i would like to see a lil more customization for your tricks so that i can have the style i want. and if we could get another map soon thatd be awesome.
modding community makes this game awesome.
Definitely recommend for fans of the Skate series who are looking for a game with some extra challenge. The modding community makes the game worth $20 with some extra work. Hoping for some future development into the game. For newer players, the high price and lack of knowledge within modding may provide a large learning curve, but once the basics are learned, it unlocks a lot of potential in this essentially alpha game. 7/10.
I skateboard in real life, and this literally is the best skateboarding simulator out there. Skate 3 was a little arcade but Skater XL is just perfect. Love that it has a some what hard learning curve. They give you the basics and let you learn the tricks on your own. It's easier to do tricks if you understand what to do with the feet. I RECOMMEND SKATER XL TO EVERYONE!!!!!! You are awsome "Easy Day Studios Pty Ltd". Keep up the good work!!!
Great skating sim just wish it got an update lol 
Hello fellow gamers. I would totally say that i love the game but if the game got more updates i will love it even more ;) would i reccomend it totally ( if you love skating games and dont care about money lol ) no but really at the moment i would price it atleast 12 dollars. i havent faced any glitches and everything seems to float on preetty good. Much love from a skate fan :)
It's easy getting goose bumps from landing a proper trick because the feeling is awesome! Control each foot with each stick on the controller and master your way into realistic skating.  Alot of negative reviews out because they think the devs are scamming, but they just released an update with a road map and coming perspectives, alot of good stuff coming!  The modding community is at an all high, alot of mods and maps in the SXL Discord
What say you now, crybabies?
Negative review until they prove they're not a scam with actual content updates.  EDIT: They are updating! Little pieces, but it counts. Still no new map, it seems like they're hammering down technicalities first.   Now that I know they intend to move forward, I'm happy to recommend this to people ready to grow with the title.
It's crack to me, and its filled the Skate 4 hole in my heart. In my personal opinion I think I prefer this to having a Skate 4 (Which EA would no doubt mess up these days and I doubt they'd let Black Box rise from the dead to make it)   Controls feel responsive and intuitive, and although it's been quiet from the devs since launch (a dev post yesterday has cleared things up regarding that) the modding community has so far made the game worth its price alone, some of the mods have been: Replay editor matching Skate 3's (with Filmer Pack DLC), various maps of high quality, replace any texture with any image (which also means custom skaters, gear, outfits).  Genuinely see this becoming one of my most played games on Steam and is an amazing game regardless of whether you're familiar with Skateboarding or not.  If you do buy it I highly advise joining the Skater XL Modding Discord/Website/Reddit.
looking good
Great game!
better than skate 3 already <3
Fun game, definitely a lot of potential - can't wait to see what they have to offer.
The games has potential, although it is current in early access it is actually enjoyable and the opening of the workshop made it fun. since you can try different maps. the vert is not yet working.. you  can do basic tricks but the different grabs are not doable as of the moment. still, i would recommend if you are an enthusiast of the sport. :)
I played this game months ago when it first came out, it was horrible and the controller support was horrendous. They did a COMPLETE 180.  The game is still in the early stages so itss lacking maps, has bugs, etc just as expected though.  Coming back after a few months. It feels great, the mechanics seem good a fluid for this stage, i love the controls of the feet. Makes it feel more engaging.  With all the great people  at SXL modding, there is a ton of mods, maps and other goodies to make the game really enjoyable. The community on discord is great and really good place to get the low down on this game at the moment.  I think the devs should really work with the community and make this game really amazing.  There is tons of potential, its totally worth the 20 bucks. It's like skate, but more realistic.
No brainer, even in early acces.
Fun to play while high.
Finally, the ultimative skateboarding simulator!  It's still in early access, but it's already a blast and better than Skate ever was. Plus, there is already a great community out there creating custom mods and loads of custom maps!  Still not sure? Use the one and only original and Wafff-approved "Should i buy SkaterXL ?"-questionnaire: Do you love skateboarding?  Do you love videogames?  Are you waiting for a decent skateboarding game since Skate?  Are you too old and/or your body is too broken to skate in real life? (being lazy also counts) Your body consists of  approximately 7×10^27 atoms?  If one can answer one of these questions with "yes", then go and get it!   
In the very very very brief time i've spent inside this game, I've come to this conclusion:  This game has so much potential and so far (IMO) is doing a great job at getting the same feel other big skateboarding games had (control wise). The game, as simple as it currently is doesn't have a ton for the player to do (other than tricks of course). What I mean by this is that other than actually skateboarding, this game doesn't have missions or challenges like the SKATE or Tony Hawk series had. But this game like I said has potential so I do consider that it is still early in development and I have not researched what their future plans hold. I do believe that this game once it gains many more updates, optimization and features does have the potential to be the PC SKATE game we've always wanted. At it's current state I would recommend this game because skate boarding around trying to nail down difficult tricks is a fun way to pass time.  My ratings for the game at its current state (2/3/19): Content: 3/10 Graphics: 6/10 Controls: 9/10 Total: 6/10  
good game. it just needs steam workshop.
Just read the reviews YES its mechanics are like EA's Skate games but BETTER! BUY and SUPPORT THIS GAME YOU WILL NOT BE LET DOWN. 50-50's are even satisfying. Kickflips are worse than lame on tony hawk pro skater (pukes in mouth a little) but every flip in this game has uniqueness to it GAWD IM RAMBLING NOW JUST BUY IT
As someone who used to skate and also played the Skate series for hours on end, this game could be the next big thing depending on what the developers do with it. The modding community is great and so far new content is being made nearly everyday by someone keeping the game fresh even in early access. The learning curve is big, but great once you learn it.
Good but needs more stuff
Game seems very promising.  i understand its in VERY VERY early development, and honestly i prefer them pushing out this game in this state having to wait for a fully stable release  [b] current concerns of mine [/b] This project might get abandoned ( unlikely ) they might try to make this game *too* realistic making the game less fun.  But other than this im really excited about where this game will go.  
perfect just need more map please easy day
Honestly i went to buy a Logitech 310 controller before buying this game. Its a fun game, its a little hard at first but if your like me and like skateboarding, this is for you. Only thing i can say is theres really only one map, you can get a mod to get other maps but some of those maps are sometimes even not finished. Some rails/ledges are ungrindable. Other than that, if you like doing flip tricks off stairs and ledges, this is the game for you. I just hope more updates maybe even getting off your board that would be perfect,
I feel that this game has a ton of potential to become the best skateboarding game to this day.  Looking forward to new patches and new features added to the game. I`d love to see ther name of the tricks i land and some bowls to skate to really get to know the physics of the game.
As of early access 2019 this is a free skate mode in what looks like a small campus of a high school or junior college. The physics and controls are much more natural than the old Tony Hawk series. With a gamepad you end up using the analog sticks to balance and land your tricks a whole lot, and it's going to take some getting used to, but I like where it's going.   
fantastic  makes ea skate feel like tony hawk  a big thanks to the modding community  sxl-modding.com
I can only recommend this to people who wish to be a part of the development of the game. It's current state is not worth $20 as there is only one playable level with limited longevity; however, the modding community has taken the initiative to create their own maps, models, textures, etc. which add playability. If you're looking for a complete game, this isn't for you, this release is only to demonstrate the potential it has to grow.
Please actively update this game (Unlike the mobile version) its amazing so far.
An update the skate community was waiting years for. A ton of available mods and instructions on how someone can add more maps or edit their character's appearance (Even how someone can create their own textures)  Great job I'm happy I was able to support you with this purchase.  The downside of the game is the character's face and how he looks dead inside.
good game for early access
The game we have been waiting for for many years, thanks to the community of modders, quickly expanded. I would recommend!
Most realistic skating game to date, much needed and lots of fun!
This Game is great for skate lovers. Hopefully they are adding more skate spots and some caracter/ board customization or maybe a short story mode. Otherwise its gonna be a little boring after a time.
This game is awsome.  I love the community and the dev's but obviesly this game is not perfect  what this game needs to be really good  1. STEAM WORKSHOP *most important for me*    I know this game has a modding community but its not really reliable.  peoples games have stoped working and you have to download sketchy files to get mps an textures.  Steam workshop would be amazing for everyone to get skins and maps.    2. Points     Just a thing to add to spice up the game to see how high you can get.  you should be able to turn it off tho  3. More Tricks      This is essential to be good, self explanitory  4. Small Mutiplayer       just to have fun with a few friends on a map  5.  less glichy animations  6. BETER CAMERA AND REPLAY MODE
better den skate 3
Best of its kind, mod community is amazing!
Finally the pc is getting the love it deserves, this game has great potential and I have a lot of faith in it.
Truely great game. A real succesor to skate 3 for me. Also love the modding community providing us with great maps. If the devs keep this up this could turn into something really awesome, which it allready is!
decent game ive played them all from the early days of tony hawk to all of the ea skate collection. it needs the physics to be refined alot and way more content cant wait for future updates when it feels more like a complete game. also more locations and boards would be really a plus. music too!!
This game is just amazing ! I really recommend it to Skate fans. I bought this game yesterday and I can't keep playing. It's maybe a bit expensive but it's a fair trade. For coming features I imagine an open world multiplayer mode where you can ride with other people, challenges, deep caractere customizing, point of vieuw changing option and more in real life existing spots.  
HUGE POTENTIAL But maybe not worth the money yet... not sure if im the only one that got motion sickness from plaing but i couldnt play passed 20 minutes. the menu can use some work for sure. and controlls. well once you get used to the skating system with controlling two legs it gets fun. however, you cant get off your board yet and turning or trying to set the checkpoint can get tidieous. also some times when doing a trick after the jump (like late kick) his legs get wonky or just flick super fast. the map also gets small fast even though you can make the most of it, but you still get stuck on random spots even if the trick seems to land correctly. Ill play more for sure btu im excited for potential future fixes.
Perfect. Graphics:Amazing  Gameplay:Smooth  Map:Tiny    Game:Great
Awesome new skateboard game.  The community supporting this game has made it more then just a really cool demo.  I hope to see further developement and updates.
This is what I've been looking for since skate 3. Game has a LOAD of potential, core gameplay is there, now the devs just need to focus on releasing content (maps, etc). Modding community is already wonderful.
So... you can't talk about Skater XL without talking about Skate 3, which is - and still is - the best skateboarding simulation game ever made. However, most of us don't have our PS3 anymore and we need a skateboarding game on PC.   Skater XL is in early access, which means that the game is playable, but far from being a finished product... Right now there's only one map being the famous West L.A courthouse - if you're a skater yourself, you know what I'm talking about -, which has ledges, some rails, few low stairs, one kinked handrail and the stage which you can use as a manual pad... These are the main things to skate. So there's not much to skate but it is still fun to learn tricks on ledges - I wish they added some real handrail and big stairs to try stuff on.  Compared to Skate 3 where you would do flip tricks with the right joystick, Skater XL requires you to use both to do so : left joystick for left leg and right for right leg. So it feels more realistic than using only one joystick. I've been skating for 20 years and I can tell this is the way to go. It adds depth when doing slides and grinds too. Also for manuals (wheeling). If I were - as a skater - to make a skateboarding videogame, I'd do the same.  You can also set the camera with d-pad to be showing your right or left side accordingly (I don't use it much cuz I got used to playing with the same angle). You should also know that there are no grabs, no late-flips, and that some of the physics involving getting out of a slide/grind are not on point as of now. It's pretty much a demo of how the game is gonna be... I'm pleased that they chose the use of the two joysticks for each legs : that's the way to go - from the point of a skater and a gamer, that's how it should be, it adds realism to doing tricks.  If Skater XL actually delivers... with content and if they polish the whole thing, this could be the best skateboarding simulation game ever made. But it will require time and patience...   So yeah you could say that it's a bit overpriced but the replay value is virtually infinite ; and some people are already doing mods (you can do it yourself to, check tutorials) which includes few maps and other tweaks.  
Has the potential to become something really great, but has a long ways to go.
I think a lot of people dont realise that this is a very early access game. I think its great for now, I just expect some progress to come. This game has great potential and I cant wait to be able to play with my friends
While there is very little here for content so far, the most important aspect the controls are AMAZING. Smooth with great animation design. When it's fun to just do simple flip tricks onto rails it is a very good sign. Can't wait to see what the future holds for the game.
Easily one of the best skateboarding games out there. Welcoming modding community full of people who are making this game full of content while the devs are working hard to make the game naturally better. Easily one of the best game purchases I've ever made, and I never review any of my games, and this game right here is the 1st game that I have had such a great feeling towards. Easily worth the money I spent.
When I first started playing this game, the controls broke my brain.  Since then, I've been watching basic "how to learn to skateboard" videos on everything from learning whether you are regular or goofy footed. (I learned that I'm goofy)  This actually helped me get the stick control sorted in my head better.  It's insane that learning (mentally) how to actually do simple tricks (kickflip/heelflip) is helping me intentionally land tricks that I'm trying.  I've already seen improvement in grinds and general board placement and I haven't even gotten to any "learn to grind" videos yet.
a bit buggy and only the one area to skate in for now. but holy shit am i excited for any updates! cant wait!
This game is absolutely amazing for what it has to offer currently. It feels incredibly satisfying, and is everything I'd hoped for in a skate game. I'm excited to see what this has to offer in the future.
controls kinda wonky, just takes some getting used to.
Skater XL could very well be the predecessor for the Skate franchise that the PC community needs.
Wow. Still blow away with just how good this is. Truly the skateboarding game I've been waiting almost a decade for
It does not take long to see that this needs some work and some TLC. Please just rip off Skate's controll scheme. Not being able to turn while preparing for a trick is a huge disadvantage. The character needs a little more "weight" for want of a better word. Grinding is about as smooth as a sandpaper toothbrush, without a small amount of lock-on grinding is not fun or intuitive. All of these systems are servicable but I'd like to see some advancement in the controls and in the game systems. Keep up the great work!
This game is currently a tech demo, but dont let that detur you! This is the "Skate" a lot of has have waited for.  My biggest complaints are with the controls, and the fact that I skate goofy. Ive seen other reviews mentioning it, so I do think it should be looked into.   I understand that this is a "simulator" but a simpler control scheme would be much appreciated, and would help the game reach a larger audience. Flipping sticks with stances becomes very confusing, and it feels odd to flick with the left stick.. Nevermind primarly skating goofy.  I understand that this may be a very difficult task considering it affects core mechanics.. but would make the game perfect imo.  Sorry for a silly complaint, but it is very important imo.     
OK
This game is the skategboarding game i always dreamed of as a kid, If you have any intrest in a realistic in skateboarding game you would be a fool not to buy this game. The community on discord is the best! they are so nice and work so fast. 10-10
I hope this is the current-gen skate game we all seem to want - it has a lot of potential, for sure. I have been skateboarding for more years than I care to admit. Way back when, throughout the days of the old Tony Hawk's Pro Skater games and on through EA's Skate series, I always appreciated when the tricks looked and felt realistic. I struggled with the controls at first, but now that I'm more familiar with them I can bust some natural-feeling and good looking tricks. The terrain is interesting enough for a while, but for now the map is pretty small. As the game stands, the bag of tricks is... I wouldn't say shallow, but it's all basic street stuff - flip tricks, grinds, slides (bluntslides included), manuals ... aaaand that's pretty much it. I am curious to see how (or if) they will incorporate transition skating (handplants, grabs, stalls) and other street tricks like no-complys, bonelesses, and powerslides and reverts. I recommend this for anyone who has that skateboarding itch, but you may find the price of admission a bit steep due to the small map and relatively limited selection of tricks.
This game is already amazing.  It looks and feels really good already. The controlls are smooth and intuitive. The map looks good and is big and diverse enough to make cruising around fun. The sound is really immersive. The bugs that appear (of course there are gonna be some, its early access) are more funny than annoying, and dont ruin the fun of the game at all.  Im looking forward to every update this game is gonna get.
Must have for anyone who call himself a skater and own a pc, controllers are very diffrent than Skate 3's  but in a challenging  and rewarding way. the graphics are mindblowing and the game is only in early acces!   If you are not sure if the game is worth to buy because its lacking of story and more features then you need to understand that the  game isnt done for now  but it will become a full game like skate 3 but even better becuse here you have developers that will shape the game the way we we want it, plus we already have mods with new boards, shoes, character places to skate and even control changes...  my point is that there is no limit to how much the game can improve and it keep the  game alive for many years (justl like skyrim )   REMEMBER THAT THE PRICE WILL RISE WHEN THE GAME IS FULLY RELEASED!!  In conclusion, the game worth the "high price"  because  when you get a early acces game  you getting future profit and you support the developers, and when you support the developers they do all they can to make us the players satisfied.
i cant remember the last time a game made me jump out of seat with excitement! My buddy was playing and landed a trick we were trying and oh may i say it was great. that was worth the 20$ investment to me thanks Easy Day Studios.
Nice mechanics, this game really needs to be supported ! Its kind of against my ideas to buy a not finished game, but for once. I've waited so long to have a good skate game on pc, this could be it, and its already great though its still very early.  Edit: (2 months later) game still cool, lots of maps from the modders on their discord.  They did 2 updates for playability, better moves and bug fixes. Hope they show signs of new maps and ability to skate vert soon.  C'mon devs, do it !
Remembering that this game is released in really early alpha, I woould say it is defintiely worth the investment. The physics although glitchy at moments are great, and will only get more refined. Yes the map is small, but that was mentioned with the release. Plus you can mod the hell out of it SUPER easily.  DO NOT listen to Brendan Caldwell's review from Rock Paper Shotgun, as that clown doesn't know his head from his @$$.
This game is amazing, even though it is in early access. Yes, it misses some content, but the modding community is already quite big and making parks for us to skate while we wait for the full release of the game - Which is awesome!   Controls is in my opinion what makes this game so good. It challenges you more than EA skate ever did, and gives you more of a "realistic" feel to it by having each joystick be one foot - frontfoot, backfoot.  I personally think it is worth the money, even though it is early access. Especially if you are a skater irl, or enjoyed the EA Skate games - Then this is for you.
Great Game, all it needs is... ________________________________________________________________________________ More Tricks  Trick names; eg. If you do a pop-shuvit, it will show the trick name at the top of the screen  Different perspectives such as First person, High angle, and Low angle  Other maps ________________________________________________________________________________
Dudes ! I really love this game ! I wanna travel to the future and play the release !  MAKE MY DREAM COME TRUE !!!  BUY, PLAY and VOTE for this game !
Buy it
very addictive game, nice and smooth gameplay.. please add more maps..
Even in this early stage the game feels great, the control system is intuitive and flexible. Visuals look great and a dedicated modding community is having a blast already. I forsee a bright future for this game.
controls are the best, learning curve on the controls is amaizing, felt like i was realing learning how to skate. cant wait to see what the devs make of this, so much potential. would love it so much if you could work to get sponsers then they could do  daily, weekly, and monthy challenges for those sponsers. comps would be so great.  and depending on how big the map gets i would love to see a fast travle system set up as you buy a car in order to port from one side of the map to the other instead of skating.  No need to wait for skate 4 anymore, Skater XL would destroy it anyways
The controls take 2 seconds to learn, and then it's intuition. For someone like myself that grew up with skateboarding it's second nature, and this is really accurate when it comes to foot positions, physics, and the thinking and pre-planning involved in skateboarding. I like how they took what was good about EA Skate and then went further with the simulation aspect of it. I always wanted there to be an option in Skate for a front foot and back foot control scheme, or at least the ability to switch which stick was the dominant one like in real life (goofy and regular foot). This game does it seamlessly with the touch of the "select" button. So great. I put on the original soundtrack for Flip's Sorry! skate video and skated for the past 30 minutes. It's nice to reminesce about the early 2000's and pretend I'm Mark Appleyard.
This game is REALLY good...still needs to be polished up and a couple more levels/parks BUT FOR 20 BUCKS its cool. pretty stable and def. playable, but beware its a simulation(not 900's, backflips and 100 foot grinds like tony hawk proskater or almost even skate series.   it takes a couple days to stick clean lines and I personally love the authenticity being a old skater from high school it feels soooo goooood  to put to gether a modest line that i never would've been able to achive back in the day. anyways i modded some levels check out youtube. BUT PLEASE CONTINUE TO DEVELOPE TIGHTEN UP CODE (sometimes my skater falls when i reset skater location)  AND LEVELS OR EVEN DLC I WOULD CONSIDER
What a treat!  Reminds me of the days of Thrasher Skate And Destroy on Playstation 1.  I can see myself spending hours discovering new tricks and lines.  Being similar to the Skate franchise, the controls are responsive and handle great. It borrows from Skate with the 2 analog sticks controls, but this has more depth overall.  I feel the kick trick system has more user input and control than Skate, and love the physics!  Should you buy it in this current state?  Yes.  It already has custom maps added from users via the skater xl discord, and are super easy to install and remove.  They primarily add on to the current map so far, you will have to follow their tutorial or find the new area yourself!  Disregard their recommendation for a setup.  For me it runs 60fps 1080p on ultra with only 8gb of ram, (1070 GTX and i5 6402p 2.8ghz.)  I was worried I needed to grab more ram to achieve smoothness, but I took the plunge and am in love.  Thank you DEVS!    Can't wait to see whats next!  Would love grabs and more Vert!
This game is great.  Still in early access, but it's a blast out of the box already.  Great physics, a ton of fun, and pretty challenging.  The content you get is clearly labeled on the store, there is absolutely no reason to slam this game with a bad review, it's seriously fun and has a ton of potential.  Buy it, and if you get bored, just know the modding community is very strong already.
Very much reccomend. Its pretty easy to land some insane tricks, so dont expect an overwhelming amount of realism, but none the less it is very fun even in this very bare bones state. 20 dollars is well worth the investment for how much potential this game has. Some of the modded parks are already really really nice. Once the physics are tightened a little more and you can ride sideways with one foot inside of the "fountain" :p things will be a lot more stable. Some grinds are impossible to hit, im sure thats just because they havent added the grind section to that actual portion so nbd. The one foot catches with a click of left or right stick are really cool and add a lot of room for creativity and style difference in how one would flip their trick. All and all a very worthwhile investment
Flippin' good game
Far from finished, but a lot of potential. Fun time killer. 
First review.  There is alot of postive feeback to give about this game. The control scheme being what they have focused on primarly and you can feel it as you play. This game is in EARLY development, you have a small park to skate around with a 6 stair, stage, average pool, and more. This game has so much potential to be that itch we all have for a quality skateboarding game.  This companies next steps are crucial. If they put the time and resources into this game it can easily go up in price. Right now $20 is not a terrible asking price. I have had fun, graphics arent as demanding as min specs state. I really hope this company puts the proper time into the game. I will review as it goes on
very good game, so realistic. it has a bunch of bugs but its in pre release, so it is acceptable
Goat
The most rewarding skateboarding game ever, i fucking love it.  I cannot wait to see what the future brings. 10/10 so far.
Easily replaces SKATE
[Edited] This game is fun for a few hours but the mods get really tiresome when they are constantly updating the game (as it should be in early access) and you have to reinstall them over and over again. It's incredibly bare-bones but if you have a spare $20 and need some skate gaming in your life it will satisfy you, plus you'll eventually (hopefully/maybe?) get to play a full game using this awesome framework one day.
Numero Uno: This is one of the coolest games out there right now if you are either an ex-Skate player or interested in delving into the world of skating! It hits home as I used to be extremely obsessed with all three Skate games, and is so far pretty darn close to the satisfaction of hitting an insane trick on here as it is to hit a crazy one on Skate. So far I've tried Session and didn't necessarily like the fact an ollie lifts like one centimeter, whereas this one has the same Skate feeling of unreachable heights to it!  Numero Dos: It's Early Access, so it's buggy, but it adds to the experience in a way only rivaled by Skate 3.  Numero Tres: The modding is so easy and fun to use. All mods are simply editing a template which you can find at the official modding discord, and there are tons of already made clothes, decks, and other cool things! There is also a replay editor that is very useful, say for showing off your custom clothes and deck.   Overall, I would say that, even though this game is still in Early Access, I would give it a 9.5/10 simply because of all the good feeling you get when you get a nice session on here going, and the fact this has so, so much potential.
Perfect game for anyone who loves skate 3. Its way more realistic and challenging than any other skate game i know. The controls are perfect and you actually need some time to learn. I love the 1foot/1stick control, everything makes sense except skating switch. Just try to do a solid 360flip and you gonna realize, that timing the 360 Shuv-it and the flip isnt that easy.(which is great!!) But when you have done a trick you were aiming for its pure satisfaction.  DEVS: Would love to see my latest trick displayed somewhere.
Very good game, good controls altough a little bit tricky, but they are similar to Skate , which I love and it makes sense, although my sticks are switched up so controller support could be better, also it's too easy to fall with the skater, like even the smallest bump could knock him off the skateboard which gets annoying sometimes. It's a little buggy yet and feels unpolished, but I like it.
Nice graphics, Great Time Killer. Basically skate around a little skate park and try to stay on the board while kicking off some little tricks and railing whatever you can. Fun game, just missing some half pipes.
Make x on the xbox controller push with the other leg like in ea skate. Didn't think it would bother me that much but I find myself hitting x hoping it would push. Also make mongo a thing. Looks and feels promissing, really early early-access though.
Absolutely love this game. Can't wait for the full release. Would recommend this to everyone who's into skateboarding.
Amazing game. I know its early access but the mod community has made multiple maps very quickly. i would like to see some updates on things your working on. Things like a scoring system, larger map, multiplayer, any type of challenges/missions, a park editor making it so everyone can make and share parks easily. give us some updates :)
if you're on the fence about skater xl you should jump off and buy it cuz this is basically a skate 4 beta!!!
This IS the skateboarding game everyone has been waiting for. I cant wait to see the new updates and where this game goes. If you haven't bought it yet... what are you doing?? 10/10 I love it. Apart from the pure happiness it gave me to have a realistic skateboarding game again, the graphics and stunning location of the LA Courthouse is just simply perfect. So excited to see where Skater XL goes!
i've played them all and this is the best skateboard game ever 
Great game, had to refund it because it didn't run at a stable 60 fps on my laptop (i7-5500U @2.40GHZ, AMD Radeon R5 M330, 8GB RAM), even on lowest settings and low resolution. Hoping the devs can optimize it to run on lower end machines.
good game, nice gameplay i like how you can put style into your tricks.   Things this game need to be perfect : more street spot, more park map, more misc and cosmetics (shoe / board / clothes ...etc) may be add a career mod? like you have you skater and you film line for parts, shoot photo, go in tour in van with your homies, make a SOTY inside the game like you try to give a trick and people vote for the best and you earn something idk.  add people arround the map because it feel like we are alone in the world (add some random people, may be security who try to kick you out and give you limited number of try for you trick ? wich you can turn off if you want peace and try hard tricks) .. idk that some idea i have for this game to make it as realistic as possible.
Fantastic control scheme and realistic skateboarding make for a very rewarding skating experience. Would love to see more features in the future, but hosting an incredible modding community.
really top notch community, great physics as of now because alot of tricks cant be done right now like certain flat ground tricks and going up vert ramps, also fantastic customization, also i really hope the game comes out with mulitplayer so i can get some games of skate in. but this game is reallly nice
First of all - I´m skating for about 1 year and I´m not able even do an olie, so I don´t consider myself as a skater. Secondly - I´m playing with controler for the first time  The game is quite good, especially when it is in early acces phase. I like the sounds, animations and the graphic is stunning. I really like the fact you can control foot and thanks to this make different tricks. As I said before I have never played on controller and I was really amazed how is it intuitive (after few minutes I was able to fully control the board)  Unfortunately I hate the "main character" :D .. I don´t like the limited zone for skating, I would rather prefer "open map mode" where you can simply skate trough city - but yep, its just early acces. And.. Im not comfortable with "only skating", I think that the game should have something like achievements, challanges or atleast story line - To be honest, it became quite boring after 1 hour of skating in the same map and constant falling of the skateboard :D .
My controller Doesn't work on this game. it is a PDP xbox one controller and it works fine on my pc but not on this game. can someone help me with this. Ps every controller that i had had atleast one isseu. sorry for my bad engelish
Great potential!   If you know the struggle of learning new tricks in real life and find yourself dealing with the same in a videogame, then it's about as good as it gets! Realism seems to be the developer's main focus.  It still has flaws and restrictions but it's still EARLY ACCESS, which means the community can help decide in which way they should improve the game.   ***should I buy?***  - There is just one map so far although it shows a lot of possibilities. - No missions, guidelines, npc's, there is however a "how to''- menu where you can learn all    tricks. - Sometimes the gameplay seems to bug out when too many requests are made via the    controller. You should be pretty save if you stay within the lines of what is humanly possible. - Be aware of the complexity of the controls/gameplay, it's not an easy game. But once you    figure it out, it's really satisfying to kill some time. - Also the falling/collision animation both seem very funny and at times really horrifying.   Be aware that this is a work in progress, you should only contribute if you're really interested in skating and/or the developement of this game. I wouldn't buy it if you expect THPS-like content. It's more a simulation than arcade.
its oke but pleas update maps and tricks , cuzz and mak maby a home screen ore somthing there u can choose freeplay and in the future maby a story mode
Great engine with an amazing feel to it, yes it do need some tweaking and such but I've been playing 5 hours and it's perfect for those lazy "I dont know what to play"-moments. I really hope there's a future for this game, the modding community is superb so I really think if they made a workshop; The community would help make this game! Totally worth the price if you like skateboarding.
Cant wait for full release!
I could play this forever! 10/10.
Didnt like this at all at first. Took me ages to learn the controls. Still getting them confused a bit. But gotta say its pretty awesome once you get the hang of it. You have to actually learn each trick and get the angle right.  I think its a bit over complicated or too realistic. Maybe I just suck. Its so easy to mess up grinds and flips. Definitely need a way to just walk around and go where you want without having to maneuver the guy. He falls so easily its really annoying.  More tricks also would be cool. I dont know how you could add them though. I think I did noseblunt by accident so I guess they are possible. You could add trick names. Game is amazing though so much potential.
GOOD JOB!
Really really great so far. I absolutely LOVE the board control that has been implemented into the core of this game. I can't wait for more content  Lets goooooo
This game even at it's current stage is a canvas for practicing the mechanics and modders, be sure to check out the modding community because it's already growing rapidly and has a fantastic high quality web site. Search and you will find! Awesome game, get it if you like kineasthetic styles of games that allow for creativity and development.
Throughout my whole life, skateboarding was always my biggest passtime. From Tony Hawk to Skate 3, I've played them all to completion. Since EA hasn''t provided a port of Skate 3 onto PC, I've always been looking for a skate game that would keep me occupied. Thankfully I found this game right here. I've played just under an hour so far, still getting used to the controls. It's really fun, and the graphics are ridiculously good. Unfortunately there is only one map for now, and no grab tricks (considering there aren't any vert spots in the map other than the blockade area). The realism in this game is jaw-dropping, but I do hope they tone it down just a bit. It's nice that you fall once you bump into a ledge, but since it's a video game it would be nice to have my character simply redirect his trajectory rather than ragdolling. This game just came out, so I'm not going to roast it any more than I have to. So far, it hasn't let me down. BUY IT NOW BEFORE IT DEVELOPS ANY FURTHER; RESULTING IN A HIGHER PRICE. I'm thinking of it as an investment haha.
Incredible game considering this is an "Early Access". It's what skaterboards and fans of skateboarding games have been waiting for. Can't wait for the final product.
this game is for people that skate and want a realistic skateboarding game simular to regular skating. as a skateboarder i love this game even tho it´s very early access so there is not that much content. they will hopefully add some more stuff to the game but until then we still have a lot of dope mods. recommended!
I started playing this game about a week ago and I love it! Make sure you have a controller! The community in this game is great!
Awesome game! Works great with the steam controller.
The game we have all been waiting for. Get it and support these guys. The modding community has already jumped on it too. Stop thinking about it just get it.
I played every Skate game on Xbox 360 and PS3. Also I donated for the kickstarter campaign of Session and played the demo. Skater XL is in its current state just a techdemo, but it has much potential and is a lot of fun even in its current state!
Good game, the graphics are A+ and controls are smooth. It is overpriced but the money goes to the developers. Its like a PIPE deal, but hopefully not as dissapointing. Community is great and I only recommend buying the game if you are up to use mods.   With price 7/0 Excluding price 9/10
While the content at the moment is very small, the base is there in spades.  The physics are the best I've ever played in a skateboarding game.  When you set up a line, think about what you want to do, and actually land it clean it feels really rewarding just like in real skating.  The controls take a bit of getting used to, especially for me coming from probably over 1000+ hours of the Skate series but once you get it, it does make sense.  If you ever skated you'll get the control scheme, it's is about as realistic as you can get with each analog controlling a different foot and triggers for leaning/steering.  I can't wait to see where they go with this, as far as I know they want to model real world skate spots like the LA courthouse we have now.  Hope we get Love Park, Tampa Park and many more.  Basically, if you love skateboarding, loved the Skate series but want something more realistic - support this game!  
Pretty cool, good idea, need to be able to get off the board and some character customization would be cool too, definitly want to see what they come up with in the future with this game.
You're probably thinking of buying this game because you are missing the old Skate 3 days on the Xbox or PS3: well it is time to wake up since those days are never going to come back.  Anyway, I bought this game hoping that it would be like the Skate series but I was surprised with what I actually got.  SkaterXL brings fourth a unique way of using the control sticks to perform tricks on the skateboard. Usually the right stick would be used to do every trick but both sticks are used to provide a more realistic feel (which it really does and it looks a lot smoother too). Sorry for the trickliners who wanted to nose manual-revert-360shuvit-miracle whip because it seems like that will not be possible this time. That was my favorite trick to do too.  To start, the game looks quite relaxing(?), if that makes sense. Simply it is nice to look at if you have it on the Ultra setting. Sadly there is only one area to skate, but I know if other spots were added (like say at night or in the afternoon) it would look great.   Gameplay is only choppy at times when you do a trick you know you are not supposed to land. What else would you expect from a game that is in early development? The two stick trick system feels great to use and continually grinding and  landing tricks gives you a lot more satisfaction than the Skate games would. Be honest, playing Skate 3 for 800+ hours gets boring sometimes so it is nice to have something different.   Some things to note: Controls are hard to get down at first but at around an hour you will have them mostly down.  No player customization YET. There is no grabbing YET. There is no footplants or comply's YET. You cannot get off of your board YET. There is only one place to skate. You cannot mongo push YET. There is no vert YET (would be pretty damn cool to have though). The reason why I am saying YET is because, well obviously, it is an early access game. I hope the devs are working tirelessly to add new content to the game since it would only make it better.  Some things I want added soon: Points- one thing I liked from skate was racking up points for the dope tricks I would put down, and this would easily make the game better Customization- nothing is nicer than having your own homie thrash  Multiplayer- why wouldn't you have multiplayer  One Thing that I Hate: You cannot transition from one grind that is a different hight than the other (like a rail to a ledge). I have lost so many lines from this and it has made me furious.  $20 is too much? Stop being cheap you probably bought $24 at Chic-Fil-A the other day you fat ass. New to skating games? Give it a try. Miss the old skate games? Why not give this a shot.  Still wont budge because you wish it was Skate 3 part 2? Guess what. Skate will never come back and it is time for you to start trying new things. Sure you will not be good at it right away but what the fuck made you start playing skate 3 huh? Stop thinking the Skate series is the god of all skate games because new and better things might be coming your way.  EDIT: I forgot to uncheck the box for recieving the product for free. My bad. -Mods Mods are out and new "maps" are playable. Just look them up on youtube and you can easily download and install them.
The skateboarding game PC players have been waiting for! Can't wait for future content updates!
I thought skateboarding games were dead (especially the nail in the coffin that is Tony Hawks pro skater 5). I'm so glad I came across this. I love the controls. The difficulty of them makes it so much more rewarding when you pull tricks off. Please continue making additions to this game.
It's a really dope game for skateboarding after skate 3. This could be big, I hope the dev not just stop here.
It's a lot of fun but at the moment it's not much more than a good tech demo with a modding community.
Best skate game ever on PC.
WE WANT MORE SPOTS! :D i really want shred some 20s stairs or half pipe etc. That game is amazing.. tricks control is best! looking forward full version!
So where do I begin... Lets start with myself. I am a real life skateboarder (when im not slaving at my 9-5) This game to me has the best skate controller mechanics I've ever had in a game. Skate series was good but this game takes the controls to a way more realistic feel. The sticks pretty much represent foot placement on a real skateboard and it allows for you to skate to your own style. This game rocks in that dept. It's Alpha so I understand that it isn't a polished product. I just wait in anticipation for a bigger map, bugs/glitchs patched, custom clothing and boards. This game is great for a skateboarder! But if you're just a casual gamer with not exp in actual performing tricks on a real board, don't expect to be doing tre flip crooks anytime soon, as the controller scheme is a challenge to master.
Fun even for a very early release . Just doing some flip ins flips outs on the uncluded map is good fun. If they do a little more work here this game will be one to look out for . Maybe a chance to be the best skate game ever.
very tech controlls compared to skate, but that makes it more fun, challenging and it means you can put more of your own style into each trick
This game is such a good representation of what makes skateboarding fun. The controls are amazing, the animations smooth and the sound effects fantastic.   It takes about 20-30 minutes to get into but then you are off being a pro skater.  It is wortth the 20 dollars (16 euro) even if there are no grabs/lip tricks and the level is small. The community already made some amazing map mods and the developer will hopefully update the game!  Check my video review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qa3pKrtZmU4 
when everything is gonna be refined its gonna be awesome,, its really fun but its hard!!!
Landing tricks in this game is more satisfying than any other skating game I've played.
This is game already gets my vote for Game of the Year. Ive been dreaming and praying for a new Skate game for years now. When i heard about Skater XL i was kind of a hater and thought it had no chance at competing with EA Skate. So at first i loved the graphics but hated the controls since they were different then Skates. Everytime i played i started to like it more and more as i got used to the controls. Now im am completely in love with the game and cant get enough of it. It is more of a skate simulator then a game which i love. For being a early release it is amazing how good the game feels and looks. Very few bugs and glitches. What sets this game over the top is the modding community is very storng and have already released 3 new parks to skate. This game has endless potenial and i am extremely excited for the future of it.
This game is not the "Skate" game we need, But the one we deserve. I've been skating all of my life and this is the most realistic feeling ever to come to PC/Console(in future)  HIGHLY suggest this game if you want a grindy skate fix as this game makes you work for your tricks.   ONLY CON IMO~~~~ game is obviously still in testing, which is fine with me! but I want to let people know in the review there are still bugs occasionally.
More realistic skate 3.  Modded maps via 'Pipeworks XL' Discord Channel.
Fun Game, even in its early stages. Offers a good amount of things to skate, ledges, stairs, gaps, kicker to barrier. Since it is pre-release and only out like a month Im sure many things will be updated, changed and added/removed so I can't say many bad things.   Thoughts so far - gameplay is enjoyable. I like how you can set starting markers to attempt the same spot over and over - graphics are nice, granted im sure many things are placeholder (buildings and such) - some animations look really clean and polished while others do not - character is default regular, so skating goofy, fakie or nollie looks rather strange - sound is clear - game has not yet crashed for me - backside animations are much more clean for flip tricks (ex. FS flip is not as polished as BS Flip) - skater speed is pretty decent although it seems to be random at times, sometimes too slow, other times too fast - skater is a bit "light" and has rather lofty floaty tricks - controls are easy to learn, however, it feels annoying at times doing "harder" tricks - controls offer both arcade style, and real style depending on how you play - transition skating is not in the game yet, would like this  looking forward to seeing what else comes from this game, would recommend to others who skate, have skated, or are interested in skateboarding genre for games
love the game, needs more though for this price range. the ability to change appearance, decks, wheels, trucks, graphics, clothes etc... you'd think simple stuff like this would be implemented based on a $25 canadian price tag. there's much more for less out there. hoping the devs stay commited to adding content to this game as it's awesome. new parks, different locations.
at this point in time there is just one rather small level and no objectives, no highscores, no chalenges, no NPCs telling you to do specific tricks. but the nice controlls and physics kept me playing for 5 hours in just one day. if you like practicing a line to finally execute it with perfection this is your game. it's still early access and not much content at the moment but the basics are fantastic.
i Fooking Love this game.  Was not a fan of skate and have not played session  But i can see me playing this game for hours and hopefully they will add online in the future
This game is for sure an early access game, but it has great potential. I like the game very much. In the future id like to see more locations becasue this map is too small. Loving the game though!
As a skater myself, this game is a masterpiece for a skateboardig game. The animation is fluid smooth, and the controls where better than the EA Skate Series for me. When it comes to the game content itself, no need to worry about it because the discord modders team got it.  Edit: It's kind of funny how they fixed vert skating even though there's no such obstacle in the original map
This game is super cool and the perfect game for any skater that enjoys imitating real life and realistic skateboarding. But beware, this game does require quite a good pc. Mine is pretty damn decent, I would say, and I need to play this game on very low graphics for it to run smooth.
If there was a middleground between the recommended rating, that's where this game is right now. In my eyes its more of a tech demo than a full game. What is here is minimal and serves as a framework for what the full game could be.  That being said, what is here is nice. It feels great and offers a pretty good amount of nuanced control. The map is incredibly small and doesn't offer much in terms of obstacle variety. I'd love to see some quarter pipes and other ramps to test these mechanics with.   I'm looking forward to what can be done with this in the future. If development continues at a steady pace and a larger map is added as well as more tricks it could shape up to be a really solid skating game. What is here already definitely shows promise and is much more interesting than any other skating game you can find on Steam at the moment.  In terms of gameplay specifics, you use face buttons and triggers to control pushing/braking and steering, and use both sticks to control tricks. If you wer into the Skate games, this will definitely be a scheme you'd enjoy. The stick controls are responsive and you get immediate visual feedback before launching into a trick based on the position of the sticks. The fluidity of it gives a great feel and shows a backbone that can be expanded into a very compelling set of mechanics. Jumping into grinds feels natural and everything flows smoothly for the most part.   There is some awkwardness with the animations as landing a trick at a strange angle may snap the playermodel's ankles in an unnatural way without making you bail from the board. Also there are many times where bumping into smaller obstacles at slightly off angles will knock you off the board and make you wait a few seconds for the drawn out reset process. A quicker reset button would be nice. Select seems to reset the character manually but doesn't skip the wait time if you fall of the board.  There's not much else I can say about it at the moment. There isn't much here in terms of content but playing around with it shows promise for a complex, nuanced moveset and mechanics that with more content layered on top could produce the absolute best skatinng experience on Steam. If executed correctly it could even be the defacto skate game for fans of the Skate series who want some more.
This game is great. If you liked the skate series and like realistic street skating, then this is a must have. The control scheme is definitely hard at first but after some practice it makes a lot of sense. The difficulty makes landing tricks and lines so satisfying.  At the moment there is a lack of content and I would say the animations don't look perfect, but it is in early access so both of these will hopefully change. I'm really looking forward to what this game becomes.
This game has so many options for tricks. I'm prety sure you can more types of flip tricks in this game than Skate 3. The graphics are amazing, there are some issues with falling and respawing. However this game is in it's early stages so it would just get better from there. I can't wait to see all the maps and hopefully new charcters and decks!
if you like skate 3, you are going to love this game.
I dont fully understand the Xl, you seem to be a normal sized dude from my understanding. maybe his shirt is extra large?  Seems to be very early in its development, but lets hope it gets the love it needs.  Plays almost like skate except you use both sticks for tricks, would recommend if you are a sk8ter boi or girl.   Got hughe potential to be the next big skateboarding game.  Made a horrible youtube vid of some gameplay  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-yQJioPG78&t
Great use of unity for this game and it has a lot of potential. There is already an active modding community for this (https://discord.gg/DXG4Y3), which for a skateboarding game in this day and age is an amazing thing.
Can't wait for more content
MELHOR JOGO DE SKATE
actually is not a bad a game, still in early access too. Rnjoyable, but minor updates. If there's some task or missions, and more content, better animation and gameplay, prolly it will be awesome!
At this point the game is great the modding community is very active the controls are fluid and other than the occasional fall down randomly there arnt many bugs this game will be wildly successful if multiplayer is implemented that will be the make or brake.
Finally we get a good skateboarding game on Steam! For awhile it was just small 2D indie games and that horrible THPS HD remake(which was removed from Steam store) but not anymore thanks to Skater XL, which I've already sunk a ton of hours into despite the game being Early Access.   Gameplay feels similar to the Skate series but a bit more complex controls wise. it's basically a game for people who want a more challenging and realistic skateboarding experience than past games had to offer. It doesn't take long to learn the basic controls however and feels very satisfying when you finally start landing the tricks you envisioned.   I think it's worth the $20 despite having little content at the moment because the game already has a strong modding community behind it who have already added so much to the game(including maps and a replay editor) within the small timespan of just a few weeks since release, so there's plenty of unofficial content to experiment with but the game will also be getting official updates as well including multiplayer and much more!  I highly recommend this game!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rYpRMfnoM4
When the gameplay works it feels so good and when it bugs out it's really frustrating. There's promise of something great here, but we probably won't know what Skater XL will truly be and evolve into for another six months at least. You're making an investment when you pay the $20 for this, so it's up to you if you believe in the promise of what's to come.
Very promising game with an awesome control scheme. If you know how to skateboard this will feel very intuitive but takes some practice to learn, and probably a long time to master.  It would be nice if the game would be a little more forgiving when bumping into something at low speeds. There is no vert stuff yet in the current single map, so I wonder if the game will be street skating only.
very realistic mechanics!
If you like any of the Skate titles, you will really enjoy this game! ....... after work has been done on this game. Currently feels real buggy but hopefully that will be worked out. Even in it's current state it's fun, and it will only get better, can't wait!
This game is amazing! After playing this and session for quite some time lately I can definetly say this one pulls ahead in many ways. There is one minor thing that makes me frustrated w this one: When your riding switch the controls should be inverted so your left stick becomes pop and right stick is flick. I dont know why it would remain the same during normal gameplay and I shouldnt have to press "select "to manually change that. As a skateboarder this makes no sense, and as a game it makes no sense visually. Session does this and I hope they give it as an option in this one. Besides that... GREAT START!
awesome!!!!
I used to skateboard and snowboard when I was younger and have always loved skate/snowboarding games.  From Tony Hawk and Coolboarders back in the day, to the Skate games that were more recent.  The Skate games took the fun of Tony Hawk style games, but made it far more realistic--the controls playing a huge role.  They were intuitive but at the same time more difficult to do tricks.  Skater XL takes that idea/concept to another level--let me explain.  Your left analog controls your left foot and your right analog controls your right foot.  At first this just seems like ok, whatever.  However, in practice it accomplishes something amazing.  I personally skate goofy foot (my left foot at the back of the board).  In real life, skating switch is awkward and more difficult.  The same is true in this game.  Because you get comfortable learning the controls one way, if you attempt something switch, the controls are backwards.  It's such a cool idea.  I feel like I have to learn tricks and practice them.  This game has a TON of potential.  In its current state, expect a demo.  There's a small playable area, but it does have a lot of different spot types, so you can definitely get a lot out of it.  There's a high ledge, plenty of low bench/ledges, a few low flat rails, some short handrails, etc.  Looking forward to this game as it develops.  Current feedback:  Default stance: I skate goofy foot, but currently no option to default that way.  You can press select to reset your character, and if you press it twice, you'll reset from regular foot to goofy, which is nice, but not ideal.  An option to set your default would be very welcome.  Stick sensitivity: Obviously the game is still a work in progress, but if this isn't on the list to look at, I think it could use a revisit.  Not sure if maybe it's just a personal thing, so maybe a settings that allows you to adjust the senitivity, but making the neutral zone where you don't flick maybe a little larger would be nice.  Again, if others think it feels fine, maybe not changing it, but having a setting of sorts would be cool.  Other:  The rest of the feedback would be obvious and is likely to come as the game develops such as new spots and areas, etc.  
A great and simple skateboard simulation game. If you played the EA Skate franchise like I did (endlessley) then you'll probably love this. Controls are hard to get used to at first, but I picked it up after about 5 hours or so. Looking forward to seeing the progress.
Most of the bad reviews about this game are players complaining about the controls being too hard for them.  If you're a skateboarder, love skateboarding, or just want to dip your toes into what is quite possibly the best control mechanics for a skateboarding game made... Get this game.  Also, since the game is made in Unity there is already a growing mod community for this product with multiple extra skateparks already released. Tutorials on how to change your skateboard, shoes, clothes and etc as well. Don't let the small level size of the vanilla release scare you away, just know new content is being released on a damn near weekly basis from sources other than the actual devs.  I would gladly pay another 20$ for this game. 
As a huge fan of Skate 3 and similar titles like Tony Hawk's Underground 2, Project 8,... I have to admit that Skater XL shows up a big potential.  Pros - The physics feel solid, as a comparision Skater XL is in a more polished state than Sessions for example. - The gameplay is satisfactory. - The controls (playing on a xbox 360 controller) feel pretty good and it's challenging, instead of using one joystick for tricks and another for directions, the joysticks control the legs indepently.  Cons: - The game has a huge lack of content, not even a main menu or options. The playable area is pretty small. - I'm scared about the game being left over as many other early access titles that never fully release.  Conclusion, the game feels like a Demo or as a Early concept, it is way too empty. It has great potential it all depends on how the developers keep improving the game. For now, I'll recommend the game as I have faith on the project.
Didnt had bigger issues. Hopefully Easy Day Studios add the Steam Workshop. (Tho there is allready a nice Modding Community)
First of all I must say THANK YOU Easy Day Studios for this Beautiful looking Skateboarding game keep up the good work don't let this game die !!!  If played almost every skateboarding game (Thrasher ,skate session ,all THs except for the Robomodo games, Skate 1-3) and the trailer buffed me so i dlt it and played a little bit and honestly i thing this might be a big thing for me i give this game a shot and keep that in mind.  Ok this game is in Development please give this game an bug report so that this game via replay mode as soon as possible be fixed.  Take your time and don't make the mistake like other companys and released it as soon as possible!!!  make sure that everything runs fine!
Nice base gameplay, please make this happen
All I have to say is support this game! Controls are great, like a mix between Skate and Project Session. Animations are pretty damn good at this point and runs amazing, I love Skateboarding and Realistic Skating in the Skate series I can tell this game will be great to spend a lot of time with.  Hoping that there is a Filmer Mode / Replay Editor to come in the future.  Big Ups to the Devs!
This game has the potential to satify all of our Skate 4 desires, I suggest buying it and seeing if its your style cause its a little bit more serious than Skate but still has the core of a good skate game. THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS AND ISNT FINISHED. I feel like the $20 is steep as well but you're backing an indie company to help finish this game. So if you like steeze then buy this game
wow nice game very good mods are cool very nice
ive been skating since i was 8 i am now 27 when skate first came out it was the skateboarding game to have  but that game was easy to master ive always looked for a real simulator that could beat it and nothing was out there. i just so happened to find this game from a ad off instagram i bought it within the blink of an eye. this game is amazingly accurate anywhere from physics all the way to the the trucks bending on a crooked grind  the turns are real smooth and real looking the way you can catch your board is very realistic and a big deal in the  skating world i think you guys are on the right path with this game and i strongly recommend you guys continue through with this. most realistic skateing game there is on the market right now good work.
great
Sweasy.....
Please buy and support this!
If you skate yourself you are gonna notice that Skater XL is pretty much the best skate simulation so far when it comes to controls. The concept of using both sticks as one of your feet is great.  Ofcourse it's still in early developement and has basic content and a lot of bugs ( mostly clipping nothing game breaking so far). Me and a fríend had a lot of fun playing a few games of skate. Nice game to enjoy skating during the winter.  additional critic: pls add impossibles, no comply and grabs Biblethump :P  Only mechanic i dislike so far is the one foot catch mechanic. Its a great feature but you can really abuse it to turn your feet into a board magnet. Just do anything press l3 / r3 or both and your gonna catch your board. Sometimes it even rotates back whats physically impossible. Would love to see this tweaked :)   All in all a great game and hopefully the next big skate game since Skate 4 is probably not gonna happen anytime soon and due to the controls i am more hyped on this game getting more features than skate 4 anyways :)))
I backed Session on Kickstarter because I was full of hope for a new (and good/fun) skateboarding "simulation" game. I put many hours into it, but I never liked the art style, hated the controls, and thought the (place-holder) animations were wonky. I gave up on it a long time ago. Skate XL, from first glance, immediately piqued my interest and I decided to "back" it here in early access. For me, it's everything Session was supposed to be, and I honestly reqre. The controls are solid, logical, and easy to adapt to. You can get nearly full control of the character's feet and try to style out and perform tricks in similar ways to real life, and no two tricks are performed alike. The art is bright, realistic, and captures some of the California warmth. I find the game welcoming and appealing. I love that there is no score system, no trick names, no music, etc., to distract from casual and relaxing session skating. I put on a podcast and turn off my brain and simply enjoy cruising while spacing out. I don't have too many games that let me do that and melt away the stress of the day, but Skate XL fits my requirements.   The current game doesn't offer much to skate on, but thankfully there is a very healthy modding community on Discord that have added many fun and varied new things to skate, along with visual customization in character/board, as well as the game physics. With mod scripting controlling ollie pop, Skate XL has probably become the most realistic skateboarding game released. I am stoked to see where the devs take the game. Even if they quit today, I think the modding community has more than enough to work with already.
Never do reviews, but this game is great and as the content rolls in and things get added o could see this easily filling and exceeding the hole skate left for most. Very excited about this!
This is Early access for a reason, its one small map, no grab tricks yet, no attire chaging, no points, but man is it fun, The controls feel great and responsive. The modding community thats already popped up is doing some amazing things, We are only at the beginning of what Skater XL will be and this awesome community will grow into, i for one, cant get enough. If you enojyed the Skate series, you will probably love this game the same.  **edit** for those having controller issues, i have been using my Xbox Elite controller and have not had ANY issue at all, its been seamless. hope this helps <3
Awesome engine. Really feels like skate. Looking foward to see the final game. New Map would be good though.
I've been waiting for such a game like this soo long. And I've finally got it. It is the best skate game I've ever played. Trick does look perfect sometimes just like in a skate video. It is impossible to stop playing this :-D
IM STOKED WAY BETTER THAN SESSIONS!!!   As a life long skater I love that each trickl takes the time to think how am i setting up for this? How will i catch the board?  How should I pop out? it just feels good on the rails and flat ground Of course this is very early access so i do have the say content is limited BUT MODS FOR ADDTIONAL STUFF TO SKATE AND CLOTHING IS SICK! 
100% recommended ! Awesome videogame! :)
bangin EARLY ACCESS game. EXTREMLY EARLY ACCESS GAME! only one map but its sick plus you can edit how ya homie looks with mods
SO much potential and so many mods already. Let's hope they expand on it since the foundations are very solid. Well worth the 17 Euros although it's only a demo area so far  EDIT: it's been one month since my original review and there has been no word from the devs and no updates so far. I cannot recommend the game at this point  EDIT 2: Devs have updated us on 2/8/19 and I have set my review to positive again!
shut up and take my money
You need to add just one thing... Turning left and right when you already sit and ready to jump!! No need to reinvent the wheel , just play some EA games..
Great game, takes a little to get use to. The controls and physics are different than skate, which makes the learning curve larger (Not comparing the two). The community is really responsive and friendly. Can't wait to see what this game will be like in a few months!  9/10  
amazing. if you skate, or if you loved the skate series, this is a gem, even if in early access i give this title 10/10. concept wise, control wise, once you learn it it is so much more fun than the ea sports games. I cannot wait for the complete game. Support this!!!!
As a huge fan of the skate series this was a very hopeful attempt to recreate the magic that the Skate series had. I am really excited to see this definitely is getting the important concpets right. The controls will feel very familiar to most skate players but definitely have a certain uniqueness that will give even the seasoned pros something more to work towards. Obviously right now there is a lot to be desired but its so early most of these things are expected. Controls right now are great and will probably get better as more work is done. Not much else to comment on as the game is in such an early stage. I cant wait to see what the final product is. Best of luck to all the developers and creators you are doing great
this is beyond skate 3 and everything you would imagine. RECOMMENDED!
Heck, Easy Day Studios, I really gotta hand it to ya'   You may have possibly made "THE" game that will beat the Skate series' level of fun and realism  As a skater myself, I highly recommend this game, controls are a bit hard to figure out, but HEY, so are the tricks IRL skateboarding, but once you get used to it, it plays like a gem.  Hopefully, the devs are gonna add more content, because personally, I REALLY LOVE WHAT THEY DID. And I wanna see it grow into a great game much like those in the Skate series.
This game truly has potential to become one of the best skating games ever made. Bonus points for having a very active modding scene already.
NOTE: Very early access.  Don't expect a full game!  Gameplay is being showcased in a good way. Content is being quickly added by community per now.
The negative reviews on this game are unfair - the game isn't in a finished state but still incredible.  A skateboarding simulator that is worth every penny, especially if you skate in real life.
I think this game is frustratingly amazing and has potential to be the next skate game that takes over our screens. They have a lot of work ahead of them and I hope they dont give up and keep listening to community feedback. If you want to have a little fun I honestly recommend all yall check this ish out!
This is what i put on my Resume when applying for an apprenticeship.....i got the job. 
20 mins in.. already SOTY. Best game on steam. Thier is a skate god.  made this review a few days ago with only 20 mins in......... now im at 23 hours. dont sleep on this one. super early access and already better then most 1.0's out there..
Coming from a person who is a veteran of skatee games and has thousands of hours on skate 3 I can say this is a good skate game. It has a learning curv. Obviously it is such an early form of the game but it does skate nice. Coming over from skate 3 I can say this game feels hard to control but its just because its going to take a while to learn. I really enjoy the time I have spent on this game even with the one skating ground they give you but I have also enjoyed the skatepark mod the berrics.  You can tell once you have a city to skate and or parks wherever they go with itthis game will be great. It seems like its going to be more of a street skating game then ramps but honestly Im ok with that because street skating is so much more enjoyable to me.  There isnt much I would change I just hope they add a thing that tells you which trick you do, A guide to direct you on how to do each trick, Allow people to create parks, multiplayer with skate and some competion type game modes and obviously customizable players and decks. Im sure all these are coming because like I said it is early acess its just in time.  Just remember you are paying to support the development right now this is not anywhere near what I expect the full game to be. If you are a skater in IRL you will absoultely love this game. It is the closest to  a realistic skate game you will ever get. it is also fairly difficult which I really enjoy.  Obviously it lacks content atm but its early in development but I give the game an 8/10 like it is now.
GIVE US THE MEGA RAMP
looks great and fun but the mods are pain in the ass to use
i have to recommend this even in this early state to anyone missing a good skateboarding game on the pc platform.   pros  -good amount of realism  -lots of ways to do the same trick in a different style -switch stance actually looks switch and pretty much works like that, too -good controls after getting used to them, not many glitches at all -runs smooth and the first skateable area looks nice enough and has a good variety of stuff to skate -no corny endorsements of marketable pro skaters and no companies shoving their logos in my face  constantly, just a good skateboarding game without all that bullshit -no music. i like that, since i like to listen to my own playlist while playing games like this.   cons (for now at least since it's still early access)  -the skaters animations are fine from when you assume your stance for any trick and then on, but just standing on the board and pushing the skater looks super stiff. i assume that's going to get changed anyways. -haven't figured out how to powerslide yet, maybe that's not implemented yet. also no real wallrides or wallies, although you can sort of wallie stuff, but it doesn't look like it or shouldn't work like that irl. also no no complies and no grabs yet, too, so no boneless possible.  -the skater will always push the correct way no matter the stance, it would be cool to be able to push mongo on purpose like if you skate switch and decided your skater does the switch mongo, then you should be able to do that.  -turning needs tuning, manual sweet spot for analogue sticks seems unforgiving, both at the same time are very hard to do in this game. the skater also bends down a bit too much on the manuals even on flat or after low popped tricks into one, always looks like he tried to manny something above hip height. especially on nosemannys. -if you haven't played a game like skate or session or this before, or if you have never skated irl the controls may seem obtuse at first. they will feel natural though once you got used to them.   however, i am still enjoying the hell out of this game, mostly in short bursts, since the area that's available now is fairly small. i can't wait for the next update and hope it brings a few more spots as well as some new trick possibilities.   if you skate irl and you need something to do on the rainy or snowy days of winter, this will get you through them no problem, even though the amount of content playable so far is small. everyone else interested in a skateboarding game should maybe wait for more content and polish, but what's presented so far isn't only playable, it's great fun, already less glitchy than skate 3 was, and not really expensive either.
At first I hated this game and could not wrap my head around the controls.... 8 hours in and I love it and it all makes sense and feels soooooo damn good.
Its a good game but needs some work done and a bigger map.
One word: amazing.
only worth the 20 bucks if you really like skateboarding games, good mods, just very rough: no restart so if you get stuck u gotta restart the game.
As a big time Skate lover, (up there as my favorite game franchise ever), this game is looking promising. Obviously it is still in an early stage but the controls are very intuitive in my opinion. I was worried it would be another Sessions type of control scheme that felt awkward and wonky but this feels natural. Like how we would truly skate. Pop with the right stick and flip with the left. Or for shove its, just the right stick. It works very well.  The most positive thing I can say about it is that nailing tricks, grinds, and lines feels satisfying. It gives me those early Skate 1 vibes where the tricks just feel good to land. Once you get a hang of the different controls compared to Skate...it feels refreshing and worthwhile. The controls aren't perfect though, some board clipping can happen and there's the occasional glitch. Sometimes the game won't register exactly what you did but I'd say it does 95% of the time. With more development time, I'm expecting those issues to be ironed out.    The visuals are nice, nothing amazing but they are pretty good (On Ultra), clear, and fit the game nicely. I'm hoping they eventually add some character customization as well as some minor park building or setting up a line to skate with friends. Basically just some sort of customization suite a la Skate.  Overall, I'm excited for the future of this game as I feel the controls are solid, the gameplay feels satisfying.   I'd say get the game in early access if you are a big Skate fan or a skateboarding enthusiast. There is barely any content as of now so be warned on that. Basically one small area to skate ( there are some mods already.) The foundation is there and I'm excited to see where the devs take it.    EDIT: Devs seems slow to respond or give any news on where the game is headed. We shall see if it is just a cash grab or an actual project they are interested in investing more time and resources towards. If there is no improvment or roadmap claimed in the next few weeks, I'd avoid buying this game.
z
really good game but too early access i think. i will definatley buy it again later. the animations could use some work, needs more maps, and could use more costomization abilities but overall its really awesome. really love to see the skate community coming together to make a newer better skate 4. keep up the good work!
Not worth 16€ will buy again when there is more content
A really enjoyable little game. You have full control over the board and your body. It only needs some bug fixes and more stages. (not really worth it right now If I was you I would wait till there is more content) PLZ LET ME TURN WHILE CROUCHING
Very fun, fills the skate 3 hole on PC. Easy to put on and keep playing, especially if you wasted a lot of time on the skate series.  My advice would be for the future, create a map editor and let the community make maps and just finese the controls. We would get a lot more map content that way and the gameplay will be rock solid.  Still needs a way to grab the board, reverts, getting on foot, bug fixes.
[h1] its pretty fun. lacks a lot of features right now and literally only has 1 map. seriously, this is like a polished SESSION tech demo [/h1]  controls are tight, personally i prefer session's controls right now, since landing insane tricks feels really easy in this game, vs session where doing a kickflip on a bank feels crazy satisfying. anyways this game has a long way to go and has a lot of big stuff missing, such as:   1. impossibles (seriously. why is it so hard to include these, skate didn't have them and neither does session or this)  2. no comply/foot tricks (boneless,footplant all that stuff is missing)  3. pushing animation. (okay not really a big feature but the pushing animations are so wack i had to write this)  im recommending this barely, because i really want to see where it goes, but they should have waited to release this with more content. because for 20$ 1 map and admittedly fun skate controls isn't really worth it imo (yeah there are some mods like [i] stoner park	[/i] and [i] the berrics [/i]  but thats pretty much it right now.)  id say wait a couple months if you can. if not, this isnt a bad game but it lacks content.
This game is fun to play now and appears to have a promising future. Lots of custom style in flip tricks. Currently, there is not a lot of official content.  The controls are sufficiently complex and difficult to make getting a trick as as rewarding as actual skating... for the most part.  You kind of land everything, but landing the right trick, the right way - that takes time. So its fun for both the people who understand aestetics, as well as for the idiots who think that a 540 flip is just a "woah - sicker version of a 360 flip brah gnar out totes im a sk8r."  Sidebar: The "Sicker version" rule (in skate) and derrivative mentality is like if someone asks you to paint a room red, and you paint it metalic red with glitter and it changes to yellow depending on the angle. They're not going to think its a sicker version. Its over the top, not what they asked for, and it doesn't look cool, dude.  Back to the game.  You can add a lot of style to your tricks like no other game. You can do a flip in-flip out trick on a ledge 10 times and it will never look the same, unless you have your timings DIALED. This is cool and I like it.  However, not a grinds/slides are created equally, yet - depending how you enter a tailslide or noseblunt for example, you may not reposition for a proper flip out or even fakie landing without triggering a shuvit. This is not cool and I do not like it.  That being said, This game is dope, whether you're into "360 hardflip nosegrind nollie big heel outs" or you just love a dope ass, steezed out switch bs flip over a ledge.
great game >:)
Can’t wait until this game is completed! It has soo much potential!
Love the game. Can't wait to see what else they add to the game. FINALLY another proper skateboarding game!
OK, for those of you having issues with launching the game you should try running it in compatibilty mode for windows 7 (I am on Win10). This worked for me.  Overall the game is solid. A lot more work still needed in regards to levels, tricks and customisation but I am hopeful overall just from what I have played and the updates from the devs. The mechanics feel similar to skate but at the same time are very different. Will be fun learning tricks.  (I had initially not recommended this due to the crashing bug on startup)
It feels GREAT to get better at this game while playing it. However, the map is too small and there's just not enough variation on release.  I plan to support this game as soon as more maps and systems become available.  I would love to see skateboard damage and a multiplayer tournament system of some sort.
teh bery ghood
everyone please join me in prayer hopefully this reaches the ear of someone at easy day studios easy day studios please make a good skateboarding game with a severe lack of skate games on the market the people are primed, lubed, and ready for another masterpiece of sick steeze and gnarly kickflips rekindle the flame with the board amen and gabe newell bless
Really fun and satisfying to play if you enjoy skateboarding. Here's my YT video with gameplay and how I feel about the game. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcRxzu-FT6Q&t=44s  For the lay-gamer, not probably worth the $20 at this point.  Hopefully they will release a story mode and far more skateable areas.  Perhabs a level creator??  Physically, it is very impressive how much board control you can have with tricks.  Though, at times there are glitches and the guy falls off the board quite easily.  It takes time to get used to!
This game will replace Skate 4
Solid foundation, excited to see how the game develops and how it compares to Session when that comes along.
this is going to be a mega game once finished. theres only a small map but its still very fun. the controlls are quite difficult to get right at first and should be abit mroe like skates controls were and also being able to get off the board would be a decent option instead of the marker system. the graphics are decent and this will be the skate 4 weve all wanted for so long. as someone who cant skate anymore due to back injuries this is the skate fix i need :) defo worth a buy alot of fun.
If you love skateboarding and are a skater this game is fantastic. If you liked the Skate serious because you cant skate and you think its easy, this game might not be for you. The actually gameplay is fantastic, fluid, steezy, rewarding and a blast to play. BUT IT IS HARD. Its just like real skateboarding theres actually  progression and steps you must take in order to get good. Just like in real life learning a trick or landing a trick takes lots of trial and error and sometimes many many tries and sometimes even hours. The literally definition of "insanity" is trying something over...... and over........ and over...... and over.......over and overr....  and expecting different results. Which every skater has gone through in there life but That overwhelming feeling of accomplishment, relieve and joy when you finaly land a that trick can aslo be achieved in A GAME. Never thought itd be possible.
I've been waiting years for the next good skateboarding game. This game is light on content, but they've got many of the basics perfect. As an ex skater, the controls and the tricks feel perfect. They are so intuitive and mimic what it feels like to actually skateboard. I can't wait for there to be more content, a world to explore and more customisation. It's a glorified demo right night, but it's a 10/10 demo. I hope it develops into a 10/10 full game.
Not much here yet, but I'm excited to see where this game goes. Watched the in-game tutorials and picked it up pretty quickly!
Skater XL in its current state is barebones, merely a small demo with a single map and a few assets to practice tricks on. With that being said, the foundation for a great skateboarding game is there, it just needs to be built upon and polished. Character animations and ragdoll physics could definitely be improved as well as textures getting a overhaul(especially grass) however its too early to worry about that this early in Early Access and the developers understand that as well. They are clearly focused on whats most important, the actual gameplay and its mechanics. Skater XL is a realistic skateboarding simulator which seems to share core mechanics with the Skate series, rather than the arcade-ish THPS franchise. Easy Day Studios built upon the toggle stick mechanics of Skate and made it to where each stick controls a foot which gives you more control and variations, resulting from this Skater XL has made it to where landing tricks feels more realistic.   Pros: 4k 60fps with an 8600k and 1080 ti         Complex and robust trick system         Solid game mechanics         Solid foundation to be built on(not having to change core gameplay later)         Cons: LOD issues occasionally with trees            Textures need improved upon later            Audio pops/crackles             Animations and Ragdoll needs improved    Is the game worth $20 in its current state? Thats for you to decide, however for me it was as then I can support the developers. If Skater XL recieves its content updates such as customization, skaters, new maps, an in game level creator, Steam Workshop, bug fixes, etc in the future it could be amazing; this game has potential.
If you've been missing skate and didn't care for session give this a try. The base game is still very bare but the mod support is awesome, theres 2 discords that are very active that can be found through youtube tutorials.
love the controls. They are harder to master than Skates, but makes you feel more satisfied when you actually land the trick you are trying. Obviously this was just released as early access so theres not much as far as a map goes. But can't wait to see this game develop and get BIGGER!
A surprisingly accurate skateboarding sim that captures the joy of learning new tricks in real life skateboarding very well.  A little janky and rough around the edges, but this is a very solid foundation to build from.
more realisitc than all Ea Skate
Having a blast playing the game. Playing with some mods Like stoner park and the Barrics :D
Great game so far.. I cant wait for a larger level to skate
A skateboard game on PC with more realistic controls and physics than the Skate series. I'm sold! I can't wait to see this game expand. I thought Session was going to be the next big skate game, but the demo sucked and the controls felt off and hard to get use to. So glad this came out! I've missed the Skate series so much and only have a PC now, so this game was a great surprise for the holiday.
Excellent.
Seems to be a good game. Can be started on linux (ubuntu with proton) but it just working with a very low settings and it still very slow, the player is not showed etc. Very sad :/
Excellenent game. I am having a lot of fun with this game. Runs smoothly. THe community and the mods have been terrific.
DOPE..! Everything you do is satisfying. Just needs multiplayer and to come to console. Ps I would donate to get this on PS4
I see so much potenial in this game, so glad ive brought the early access. yes there isnt much in the game, but hopfully it will get more popular and start getting more updates on the way. Will recomend this to any one who wants to play a realistic skate game.
Quite basic in its current form, but as someone who was obsessed with Tony Hawk games and EA's Skate, this game has A LOT of potential. Controls are weird at first, but after about an hour i was doing exactly what i want to do. Definitely didnt mind dropping $20 to support the game. All that i ask is for more maps and a replay editor!
should be able to get off skateboard  
Needs easier customization... also maybe remove/change the: left stick up to nolie (just find myself skating forward and doing it) ... other than that, More maps / areas and we got ourselves a skate4.
If you loved the Skate series, [b]PLEASE SUPPORT THIS GAME.[/b] Share it with your friends or the Night King will come for you.
Skate3 but better.  Might take you a bit to get the hang of controls, but if you skate IRL its crazy fun and real. check out modding options for New Maps/custom player outfits. 20$?.... if you dont get this.... you disappoint me.  
Love it. I've been waiting for a new skate game and in early access I can see it's going to beat expectations for what I thought a new skate game should be. It's a bit of a learning curve for the controls if you are play the skate franchise but, after messing around it becomes rather simple. landscape is awesome, shading as well. Once this game comes out I believe it's going to be a game every skate fan will NEED. I hope we get some more legendary skatespots and maybe some street leauge parks. I highly advise getting this game!
This game is awesome. I feel the same I felt when Skate (1) came out. I just skateboard and does not really care about any challenge or whatever. Looking forward the new stuff in the game! Keep up the good work
Different from EA Skate games. This game is harder to pick up but once you get the hang of it, it's the best skating game out there in years! I mean come on, you can catch your board however you like in mid air! Recommended! Can't wait for release!
ALOT of potential. At the moment very little content, but what they have added so far looks very promising.
This game or 'sim' is awesome! Takes me back to the OG skate days (back when it wasnt a slightly more realistic version of THPS) and then drastically  impoves upon it! I love the feel of skating in this game. Its prabably the most realistic skate game ever made!   Things to know is that the map is tiny. and the its mostly flat bars and ledges (at least for now) Being that this is early access, I foresee them adding way more. There has been disccusion on updates coming soon in 2019 some time after the Holidays.   Things I would love to see added:  hippy jumps/ hippy flips cavemans/ ability to get off the board darkslides/ freestyle skate tricks some vert/ grab tricks more ramps/ transitions like humps, banks, ext some handrails, and BIG stair sets. last but not least, customization! things that would be really awesome that I'm pretty sure hasnt been done before is being able to pick what size board, size wheels, rails, and what shape. You know, maybe your an old school guy who loves those old school santa cruz shapes. It woul;d be so awesom to bring that old school style, and tricks into the game.    
10/10
If you are on the fence, or calling this a demo, you aren't far off. But if you play it you will never regret it. The fact that people are modding this game more and more each day is so damn inspiring. There is something special here. The controls are easy to pick up, difficult to master, but oh man. When you can scoop that foot for a shuvit, catch it with your front foot and slam it into a nosegrind...god damn the animations and shaders all work together to bring this truly satisfying feeling. Put on your favorite playlist and get pushin. This shit is for real.
Not that bad atm. Having fun so far, even the devs have said in to the community board updates will be rolling out after they fix some players not being able to play then after is many more to come which sounds hype but we'll see.   For now it's a small map to roll around and learn how to play (tutorial) reminds myself so much about Skate, but is different.  - ( Review may change in the future on account of updates/content ) -
Played a little bit gonna wait for stuff to be added but if you like skateboarding.  Then you should try this game, You use both sticks to do tricks & the triggers to turn.
the map is so small it should be called SKATER XS
Although only one small map is available atm, the overall gameplay is amazing.  I'm loving the added challenge of using the left stick as your left foot and the right stick as your right foot.  For a finished game, i suggest multiple multiplayer game modes, a park creator, and some character and board customization.  What would also be neat is to see the name of the tricks as we perform them and an advanced tricks tab to help players along.  Grabs/ flips would be an added treat if vert is going to be an option (please do so).  Beautiful and promising product so far, I can't wait to see how this game progresses!!
This is so FUN!  Exited to see what's next.
Coming from a player who's played a lot of skate 2 and 3 I really enjoyed this early access game.  I especially like the realism which hasn't yet been implemented into the skateboard video game franchise asside from aspects of skate 2 (which even then are far fetched).   The game is neat, simple, and not too easy and not too hard.   Although the game is currently rather empty I can see great potential in the future for the modding community and maps, I think if you're into street skateboard culture and want a realistic game to chill to then this is a gooden.   I feel it's unfair to give a rating out of 10 due to this game being in early access but I can definitely say it's a great start!
This is amazing, i can't wait to see what spots they got for us at full realesed
With having played and beat skate 3 multiple times, by deleting the old game. I'd say this game is a step up with some minor issues that are completely acceptable as a beta test.   First the good things, the ability to do multitudes of tricks makes the experience more realistic and entertaining. The thing that impressedme most was the change in controls, even though turning with the triggers takes time to adjust to, the way you do and form tricks is also very realistic. The precision needed to get into grinds and slides, is also realistic, I know from experience in a couple failed 50-50s.   Now for what was bad about it, for one thing the worst part in my opinion is the lack of maps and or the small map that you start with. The other thing I don't like is that you can't late flip, like a true late flip. Although there could be an update for it since the last time I played. And that there is no ability to do any kind of vert tricks in the game.   Other than all of that, this is the most realistic skate game made to date. I give this game a 9-10.
awesome game like skate but more style would be nice to skate with friends and more maps mainly being able to skate with my friends
This Game is just amazing. This is the skateboarding game I've always dreamed of.  The EA Skate Games were already amazing but this game brings it to another level! The gameplay, the controls, graphics and animations are just a beauty. The controls of this game are not easy, especially if you never played the EA Skate Games. But oh boy, the learn curve of this Game is amazing. It is a good representation of how real life skateboarding is. By learning the controls and improving on it is the best feeling. Every day you get more consistent with your tricks and lines, so this makes it very rewarding and a lot of fun.  The modding community for this game is also super amazing. There are new spots you can add to the map, as well as new decks, clothing and so on. Totally recommend to everyone who loves realistic skateboarding.
This game has a ton of potential to be great. Right now the functionality is basic. You have a small area to skate and the steam controller support is a little wonky atm; but you can use other controllers to play the game. If they add in an open world, character custimization and the ability to get off your board, this game will be the SKATE 4 you've always wanted.
27 hours played and no regrets. Any skateboard fan will love this game. Notice how all the negative reviews have less than a hour played? you actually got to practice and get better. Give it a shot! And if you are worried about devs not supporting this game( for some reason) you can have the modding community to fall back on that are already pumping out modded maps! Currently skating Stoner Plaza and its dope!
iz gud
Instantly bought this game without any hesitation and I don't regret at all.   Yes, the game is still incomplete (it's an early access game duh), has only one level, no story mode or anything like that, no customization at all and also little to no controller compatibility - I had to borrow a X360 controller to be able to play it, even downloading emulators like X360CE didn't work.   But on the other hand, the physics are amazing, the player's movements are pretty realistic and the engine behind it is fantastic. It's rewarding, every trick, every line you make while playing feels like an achievement. The modding community is doing an amazing job at the customization side, you can easily download maps and clothes to expand and personalize, at least for now, your gameplay.   As someone who has never played none of the Skate's franchise games I highly recommend this game for anyone who likes skating.  All I see is room from improvement, the pontential evolution and I really hope the developers keep working on it while listening to the community. We have great ideas to make this game even better.  Buy it!
Amazing game, Loved the mobile app and love this game even more. Just need more content. Thats to be expected with a game so early in development. The game has a great modding community and i'm looking fowrard to what the dev's bring to the game next.
bro, smoke weed
gotta say i can see this game has potential to be great but the issue i have with it is lack of maps and the odd turning with the triggers   i would like a control scheme where its exactly like Skate 3 and a higher up camera angle because i dont like looking at his butt lol   also i feel the "dude" has no real weight behind him when he falls down (he looks likea like a rubber floppnoodle lol)   but aside from the oddly alien control scheme and the wonky ragdoll physics this can be a very fun game   i feel it just needs a few more maps (maybe 2 dozen or so) and a simplified and optional set of objectives   the graphics look decent and the way the board interaction is feels very accurate which is very nice :)   i just wish that there was the option to raise the camera to head level or slightly higher and to allow for walking around and maybe make the skater more resilient to slow and simple collisions   preformance of the game tho is stellar at ultra settings in 4k  tho :)   7/10 would flop over a wall at 2mph again
Great game with amazing mechanics considering the stage it is in right now. There are still a lot of bugs and the content is quite limited and makes you rely on modded maps, etc. to keep the game fun, but this is fine since it is very early in its early access stage. Skater XL could easily become a hit game in the future, beating the Skate franchise.
10/10. already a great game how it is. the control and style makes skate 3 feel like tonyhawk games. controls take a while to adjust to but its worth it. cant wait for full levels and a console release 
Very addictive!
its got a lot of promise, but at this point the ammount of content you get for 22$ is kinda abisml. I understand the game is in early access and has a long way to go. But this is more like a proof of concept more than anything. I like the gameplay but its easy to get bored with it within a few minutes. Not a lot of features to hit and kinda lackluster small map. This game could be the next Skate and i see the devs are really putting some love and care into the game. But im kinda dissapointed I spent 22$ on something that has at most a half hour of content.
Having played this for a short time I already have some things to say about this game. Its is currently in early access testing.  The Positives of the game:  #Realistic Skating (The way you control the feet is awesome) #The controls allow for intuitive tricks, provided you know how to skate or how tricks are done #The Graphics and sound are decent  Things that need to be added: (Im sure they will be as it is only early access)  #Grabs #Character customisation #Story mode #Really hope this will be free roam #The abilty to walk #Reverts so when you don't automatically switch when you wanna go another direction #Music  #No Complies cos they're the fucking coolest trick ever #All the customisation with truck looseness/tightness, wheel hardness etc  Things that need to be improved:  #When you bail, don't return to the marker, instead just spawn where you bailed. I found this very frustrating #Better manuals. I found it impossible to do an ollie or flip trick into a manual, maybe I'm just really bad. #Powerslides #Perhaps better turning, I felt like it was a bit clunky  Overall, this game is very minimal at the moment, but also very promising. Even though it cost me £15. im happy to pay that to support devs to make a new skating game. This defiently feels like it could bring something new to the table in comparison to games like skate. I'm looking foward to seeing this game progress. 
This game has the potential to be the best skateboarding game ever made.
Amazing game, so much potential
Third iteration let's go! Let's be real, I really like this game, maybe even love! The controls are so damn unique, it's just so smooth. In all honesty the modders make this game what it is. The maps are awesome and should be praised by the developers, they really save the game. Can't wait to see what the devs have in mind for the future (hoping for grabs)!   (THIS IS WHAT I WROTE BEFORE I EDITED MY 2ND REVIEW) Sadly, SkaterXL is an amazing game with bad devs that don't listen to the community, release updates nor provide some kind of roadmap for us excited players. It is an unpolished diamond that has sadly been thrown down in the toilet.  Note: I will change my review if the devs actually start doing something, but I doubt it.  (THIS IS WHAT I WROTE BEFORE I EDITED MY REVIEW) Skater XL is an amazing prototype for an hopefully amazing complete game. I really do think that the price tag is too high in regards to the little map and content received BUT I do think it has absolutely amazing potential for a full release. The control system was hard to grasp at first (coming from the Skate-series) but is awesome when learnt, so much flexibility!    Devs, PLEASE make this a good release filled up with cool maps and content because you have something amazing here. As a skater myself I really do appreciate the details such the one foot catch system and realistic controls. Please keep it this way and release a fair game, you'll be a champ on the market. All the best.
The map is small but the game is awesome. I can heelflip like Neen Williams in this game. TWO THUMBS UP!
Give us access to a level creator! Let us help you
Should you buy it in it's current state ? (1st build at the moment) Probably, it's great fun !  The devs look like they kinda got caught off guard by the amount of sell and the positive response by the players, so no update has been release yet as I write this. BUT I really think that they want to polish what they're gonna release because of the amount of players waiting.  Controls are not like skate, it's more of a left foot right foot thingy, aka good foot bad foot, and vice versa depending if you're goody or regular.  Modding community is nuts on that game, they just release so much content and building tools, hop on the discord or the website to get an idea  :  https://discord.gg/w4szc28   https://sxl-modding.com/
+ Good graphics  + good game + good physics  + good controls  + best game for us skaters + style in the skateboarding   - Nothing except I think this game will be destroyed by unrealistic "skaters" like x7 Albert ewwwww.     Things to add in future  + Add slowmo button for cool tricks n catches + add goofy controls bcs I think it has the same as regular and it feels weird + add customization  + get licenced brands  + more spots + griptape customization  + board and grip wear  + shoe wear? + truck wear  + scrubs like skate 3 + a bit more harder controls + free walk  + free build NOT as skate 3 + revert and powerslides   Plz don't make this game easier  
Impressed with the game so far although there is a lack of content nothing that hasn't been resolved with a few clever people making some mods. I look forward to seeing a large map and player / board customisation in the full release, as well as hopefully being able to get off the board and walk up steps etc?   The game is very rewarding with technical controls. Don't expect to be a Pro in the first half an hour but a few hours in and I'm starting to get some OK lines. A long way to go judging from some videos online but I will get there, it is too fun to put down!!   I bet you are already sick of comments like this but I have to say it somewhere, I'd LOVE to have this on PS4 one day :)
This is the skateboarding game that people have been waiting for over the past few years. This game offers as close to skateboarding realism as a video game has ever been before but in a good way. The game is rewarding, challenging and, most importantly, a lot of fun.  The game (as of writing) only has one small map but even still I have managed to get many hours out of it and enjoyed every minute. The game also has a vibrant and active modding community who are working to make new parks, clothes and skateboards. The community are really pushing this game forward.  If you enjoyed Skate 3 because you are a fan of skateboarding and get a buzz from nailing lines or cruising around realistic locations, this is your game.  So long as the developers keep pushing content for this game and keep the community involved every step of the way this will remain one of my favourites.
If you skate irl, it's actually the best game ever made.  I tend to avoid Early Access games like the plague these days, but this game had me quite interested. As of writing this review, the game is very content-lacking, but the actual gameplay is *very* good. Definitely worth buying, however maybe a bit hard to recommend to most people in its current state.   pros: + landing tricks is extremely satisfying, tricks look and feel great + the deepest control scheme in any skateboarding game? + many ways to make the same trick look different + fairly realistic, more realistic than EA Skate + super high "skill-ceiling"  cons: - poor optimization - lacks proper graphics options - some animations are janky - slightly buggy (grinds locking in where they shouldnt, for example) - iffy controller support - have to force quit game, no "exit game" option or proper pause menu - terrible name
this game has great potencial and its probably best early access game i ever played
This is probably the 2nd review I ever wrote but this Game deserves it 100%.  There is nothing negative you can say about it and the fact that it's still in Alpha creates space for so much more stuff to come. You can absolutely develop your own unique style it's insane. Everything make sense, the way you pop and flip, the way you have to flip when going switch or nollie it is INSANELY WELL DONE. And to think that this game is not backed up by a big company like EA and it's 8 Skateboarders that really can skate makes everything just even better. NINE CLUB MENTIONED YALL TOO, GO GET IT!
Worth it
love it
While the game is still in early access, I believe it has a lot of potential. Although I never played the Skate games, I was a huge fan of the Tony Hawk series and was always curious what the flick/joystick system would be like. This game implements the controls very well, and it was pretty intuitive to learn how to play. The game itself takes place on one open level, and leaves more exploration and customization wanting. However, in time, if they release mod capability, story mode, customization, multiplayer or co-op, more maps, and fix the bugs in movement and maps, this game will really shine and would be the rejuvenation to skate games that we've needed for so long--and it's on PC! I've already spent hours playing games of S.K.A.T.E. with friends, and plan to play many more.
Absolutely love this, hands down the best skate sim to date. Can't wait for more areas to skate
So just by playing a little bit, this has a opportunity to be better than skate. The style, creativity and control potential is odee. Can't wait to try some more
(BEAR IN MIND THIS IS AN EA REVIEW)  Skater XL, a free roam skateboarding game with a variety of tricksand jumps to do, its probably the best skateboard game on steam and probably pc (since skate 3 isnt on pc). This is a very new game, but with a very nice engine. The team so far seem to be hard working and it is their first game. Controls are a little odd but after about 10 minutes of me hitting the same curb over and over I began to get used to them. Decent graphics, could do with a little optimization on the Ram and the processor (16gb ram is a lot for a skating game). The map is a little on the small side, im not sure if they are planning to expand the map or make lots of small ones. My thoughts are that they will expand the map gradually and remove the roadblocks that stop us skaters from going any further. The game is a little pricey for what it is, but hey its early days and im sure they will keep the same price till full release.   All I can say now is great game so far Easy Day Studios, would love to talk about the future of the game some time ,if so reach out to me through Steam. -Grimlock.  4/5.
I've just started flirting with this game but I can already say, with much confidence, that it will be redefining how we play skateboarding games on pc or any platform. The mechanics that it proposes are both enjoying and satisfying. It is not like a THPS where you just throw a bunch of tricks in a weird succession without much realism. In that sense, it takes away a big chunk of "arcade" elements to focus on skill and pure trick creativity.  Obviously, we are talking about an EA game that has just recently shown up, therefore I can't criticize its content but just praise its idea of a skateboarding game. I'm sure there'll be plenty of features added in the future and that what we can play right now is mainly a solid foundation of the project.
To begin with this review i shall start with the cons and than move on to the positives. This game is a bit on the glitchy side, you can barely touch a lamp post and it can catch your shoulder and throw you off your board and restart you at your checkpoint or the starting area, and it does take time to respawn as it takes a solid 3 to 5 seconds, this cannot be sped up. I think ways to easily balance out these cons is by adding in more tricks like the possibility of a dark slide or finger flips somehow, as it does have its con and your skater is about as likely to fall over as hit as to make donuts all the time or hol horse to be too overpowered. it does have an inbetween, while there may only be one map there is quite a bit in that map and even tutorials that are very specific on how to do each trick and how to improve your skating, the board itself is pretty responive and you can pull off crisp lines as well. Sometimes your legs glitch out and even save your line because the footing isn't fully alligned with the board, and yes in this game for once its actually easy to do a manual, just tricky still of course. If i was to rate this game i would rate it a 8/10, because the bugs sometimes make the game all the better.
This game is awesome. This was my first ever skating game and the controls are simple but the tricks are complex enough that you have a challenge. THe only thing they should add is more maps. If you are considering buying this game do so.
it is just a very cool game.  it looks good. the controls are nice. 
Love the game so far :) still getting the hang of it but it would help if 180’s and 360’s spun a little bit quicker :) the one foot catches on flip tricks add some style which is pretty cool, maybe add a little bit of balance boost to keep from falling off when bumping a ledge or something though
at the moment the game is somewhat boring, however if there will be: -larger maps -increased trick pool -gamemodes -graphics optimisation -music:( this game is going to rock!  controls in this game are top notch and I like the way you can handle the board, not too hard like skate games but not too easy like tony hawk games, perfect balance
love the game wondering if there is a way to set a frame rat cap its making my gpu run 600 frames lmfao 
Took a few hours to get past the press A screen..  Has a few pros and cons. Has potential. Will be keeping the game and hoping for the best.
Great physics. Big learning curve on board control, but once I got used to the controls I can see that this early access has lots of potential. Definately a must have for skater/gamers. Freedom to grind without a lock-on rail is awesome. Only thing missing right now is a ramp that I can use to do a 900 quadruple kickflip over a vat of acid that is full of melting zombies who are trying to grab my board as I fly over them. Otherwise, keep up the good work devs. I'm sure the zombies are comming.
Although Skater XL is content lite (Early Access) and a lil buggy it is a great foundation for a great PC skate game
Finally we have a solid Skateboarding game for PC. There's only one level so far but modders are already hard at work. The controls are pretty solid for an early access game. The animations need some fine tuning. Some grinds look like you're hovering and they could really smooth out the contact and collision detection. But that's all minor and something they can work on in the future.   Compared to Session, this game is much better in my opinion. As much as I appreciate Crea-ture for bringing a Skateboarding game to PC, Skater XL takes it in terms of controls. After 20 minutes on Skater XL, I was already able to comfortably chain together tricks. It's a combination of arcade and simulation. Even though there's just a small level available, the tricks are satisfying to perform.   All in all this is one game I'm proud back and spend my money on. I hope the devs will continue to improve it and hopefully one day we'll have a park building with workshop support for custom objects.
Seriously in love with this game... Move over Session, this is the Skate killer! It feels great, looks great, plays great. Now needs the typical essentials. Like video replay (mods exist, I know.) character customization, new locations etc etc...  Something I'd really love for this game... Dynamic injuries and blood simulation... Bleeding with blood physics, bruising and even dynamic bone breaking. It would be an interesting addition due to no other skateboarding game being so... Real? I don't expect this to EVER be added but really... It could be a great addition.
Super great game with great potential! Brings me back to the skate days where I would spend hours on a spot trying to hit a certain trick. Now that this game has great mechanics, it would be awesome to see the devs add a story, more of an open world, challeges, and mabye even co op. But all in all this is a great game and if the devs play the cards right and do the right things this game will be legendary, skate 4 who?
i hope soon they add more and more content.  even poser can kickflip in here  10/10
I CANT RATE THE GAME YET AS I CANT PRESS A ON MY XBOX ELITE CONTOLER TO PAS THE FIRTS SCREEN SO DEVS WORKING ON THE PS4 CONTORLERS SHOULD ALSO TAKE A HIT AT THE ELITE XBOX CONTOLERS
FUN!
This is the skate 4 we have been loking for! kinda not worth 20$ yet, Pipe BMX has more maps and just as good grpahics and movement as this game and is 10$ but once the game updates and becomes open world or has more maps and setting and features I could see this being a trpple a game.
You can wiggle the board with each foot mid air, one foot catch, the hardest blunt and tail slides ever, and a system that lets you set up and do tricks how you'd do them in real life. You can hardflip the normal way or like half bodyspin way.   Demo is tiny but the gameplay is all there, only some fine tunning and it'll be the best skating game ever.
This is a great start to what could be a really solid spiritual successor to the Skate series.   The controls are a tad different of course, but dont take long to get used to, was able to skate some pretty nice lines without falling down all the time.  Bonus: Steve Sinclair from Digital Extremes is a playable character! :D
Oh so good.
The devs definitely skate.  If you skate and just want somewhere to skate for the frigid cold winter months, buy it. [i] Please. You will not regret it. [/i] There are no points, no active tips, no obnoxious text pop ups, just you and the board in a park with the obligatory "No skating" sign.  Oh, and you're gonna want to have Nvidia Replay going for when you hit a perfect line. Trust me.
Ignore the negative reviews regarding lack of content or there not being a strategic road map for the game.   The game is early access, comes with the single LA Courthouse spot and nothing else. This shouldn't be a negative as it is painfully obvious more content will be added as and when ready. It has been stated around 8 fully playable real world spots will be implemented by release.  The gameplay itself and the control mechanics are the reason why you should buy the game. It is unlike any other skateboarding game out thus far, with the closest competition being Session which is also currently in development.  The dual stick controls for individual foot movement works incredibly well and feels organic. It is in my opinion the closest feeling to actual skateboarding currently available in game.   Since release a myriad of mods have become available, allowing users to tweak finer aspects of the character's movement, such as pop height, push and spin speed etc. Additionally the mod community has been working hard on releasing a tonne of custom maps, giving this game (even while in early access) infinite replayability.  For 15(GBP) this is more than worth the money in it's current state and will undoubtedly be regarded as one of the best skateboarding games ever made upon its realease.
atm ive played 10 hours of this game and i love it ive been skating for about 10 years irl and playing skate the video game since it came out and this game blows skate away the controls are amazing it took me abit to get use to but it was also fun to learn its been along time since a new skate game came out and these guys did a really good job so far some things id hope they do is make it so you can get off your board or place objects and put out more spots with out making people pay more for the game  
so far its good considering its in early stage
This will be the best skateboard game ever. If u are reading this just buy it, they need our support to make this dream come true.
The Dark Souls of Skateboarding games.  At first the game seems impossible and the controls don't make sense but after 30minutes of experimenting you'll probably pull off your first cool trick and thats when the game will click for you.   There is a lot to master here and i hope the game has a bright future ahead of it as well as lots of modding potential.  Well worth the £15 in its current state.
It feels so good! You can style on every Trick like in no other Skateboarding Game! Definetly the closest a Game has ever gotten to Skateboarding in Reallife! Getting used to turning with the triggers will take some time, but when you figured it out, it feels really good!
I still play Skate 1 2 3 on the 360 in my garage but when I am in the house I play a bit of Skater XL. Couldn't get into Session... Couldn't get this game for free. Bought it for myself for christmas... And eventho it has almost no content... The game does feel good and is very enjoyable. All we need now is waaaaaay more stuf / maps / customization and things to do because it's even less software than most demo's. This has great promise tho.
Very good Skateboarding Simulation with big potential, but also more work required on controls.  Check out my video review with first impressions on the Early Access:  https://youtu.be/uuT9svz05xc  What I like:  - skateboarding video style feeling - smooth gameplay - great graphics - tricks look so chill - a good simulation with regard to the Tony Hawk arcade games  Where I see room for improvement:  - more skateparks, like for example the Luxembourg Skatepark would be cool ;) - even more work on the controls, they are already good, but they definitely need some more work in order to be more precise - music would be cool, but not indispensable - bugs when hitting an object - skater falls to quickly - better explanation on controls  Good first Early Access version of Skater XL.
its one of my fav game of all time
There are no words to describe how good this game feels The controls are amazing, the graphics are quite good and you dont even need a very strong pc to run it (at low graphics)   you probobly wont enjoy this game if you are into the unrealistic games like skate 3  there are a few problems with the game and the animations but note that it is in early access  people have already started modding so go join the discord they even have maps and stuff like the berrics and sls  overall its amazing its worth the money
Game has good potential providing it gets a full release. Controls are hard to master but slot of fun. Would highly recommend for anyone who enjoyed the skate franchise.
If you skate you have got to play it. If you don't skate you are gonna start after playing :). It blows my mind how accurate in every aspect it is. It's made by skaters but they know they shit when it comes to unity too. The game is also very easy to mod so expect lots of mods comming your way soon. There is already things like slowmo and camera mods as well as tons of textures for skateboard and clothes - check out skaterxl modding discord. It's already incredible and i can't wait for later updates. Keep the awesome work devs!
i think that this game is very fun i wanted to play it so bad that i even went out and bought a controller for my pc it was almost worth it i would suggest that maybe you could get on and off of your board to make things a little bit easier and i am sure since this game is in early development there will be more places and be objectives and more but even right now i would say that this game is very fun another thing that would be really cool if you could replay what you did and maybe if it told you what tricks you did there was a few times where i couldn't tell if it was a hardflip or varial heel and few other trick confusions but right now it does seem kind of limited on the things you can do however again it is in the early access stages so im sure there will be more maps and more customizations just happy to play it early the wait would've killed me over all i would say its worth the 20$
if you have been waiting for the next skate game i feel this might be it.  i recomend this if you like do like the more realistic skate game. not much at the moment but the controls and animations are solid. The starting map is nice enough to get some good lines going. you can place a start point anywhere by pressing down on d pad and teleport by pressing up. i cant wait to see what the devs do with this one.
Add a big rail/ big stair spot and more accessible manual spots for sick manual lines, and character customization would be nice too.   overall if you're into skating you will appreciate and even love this game  
I don't usually write reviews but this game is good fun if yyoure looking for a skate clone for PC, pretty decent array of tricks for an early access game considering the state a lot of early access games start in. I hope they add character customisation and some nice apparel, but I reckon the best bits of this game are the mechanics and parks. can't wait to skate bowls! good pricing, the ps4 contorler issue seems to be fixed/there is an easy fix until they patch it. seems like the detail put into the tricks works really well with the realistic spacing between ledges and stairs ect.  can even hippy shuv through some of te railing!
20 dollars for a small level demo is not great. The mechanics need a lot of work but it's very promising. I'm not a fan of the rotation system using the trigger buttons. it seems like it has to be that way to make use of the independent foot control. I understand this is early access but you are literally only getting a small walled off portion of a level/world. Unless you are die hard about skating games or really want to support this developer just wait until they have more of the game built.  I'm very happy about how this game looks. Nice graphics and the camera reminds me of the first skate title from black box. I'm curious to see how it turns out. I would have kept playing this if there was a bit more so I'll probably just wait to play it when it comes out in final form.
Everything you coul have wanted with the Skate franchise but better. Can't imagine how good itll be when its fully done. Full Support
As an early access game, this is amazing. Controls are fluid and intuitive. I really can't wait to see what else gets added. (ei. I would pay extra $ to get Love Park)
It's got a lot of potential. My biggest gripe is the ollie and flip trick mechaincs, pulling back on one or both sticks and releasing means I have to jump if I let go of the stick, and pulling back on both sticks to ollie higher feels unatural. I find myslef doing tricks I didn't intend to do a lot, and I still haven't been able to get a blunt slide to work. Grabs don't work yet either? I get that it's early access but I feel like a lot of the core tricks and mechanics would be working already. I much prefer the way Session does it where pulling back on either stick primes the ollie and pushing up on the opposite stick pops the trick.   If you love skating and want something challenging and realistic you should still pick this up. I look forward to seeing how this game develops.
Sick game that reminds me of my skating days... the game has smooth animations, controls that are easy to learn and hard to master, beautiful graphics and that amazing feeling when you pull off a trick that you tried for minutes/hours...  only 1 concern though, it was made in Unity... unity is in the grey area when it comes to engine.. if it is used by the right hands it can be an amazing game but if it is used by the wrong hands it can be a disastrous game.. but by what im seeing so far is good... hope that they can keep up the quality even after they add more things in the future... i bet the multiplayer feature might be the most challenging..
hell yes
This is the skate game we all have been waiting for, yeah its still being worked on but still so satisfying.  super realistic and creative at the same time.  I feel lucky to be able to play this game and would recommend this to any skateboarding fan!
This game is absolutely epic, My only request is to add a bigger map!
First off; I just want to say, OBVIOUSLY it is an Investment if you are putting in the 20$ now, it has one location; small, but fun and will be expanded on in the future along with other options and what not.  Anyway, For me as an actual skateboarder in real life; this game really hits the nail on the head for me. It gives you enough challenge to feel accomplished while learning new tricks, subtle nuances to the controls to make things look and feel more stylish; really fun, and well tought out controls that fell great; especially once you start mastering it; and ofcourse looks pretty aesthetically pleasing!   It's a DEFINITE thumbs up from yuh boi and I am very optimistically excited for the investment i made and can't wait for more from these guys, they definitely filled a void;hole that was left from the SKATE franchise.
cant wait full version
if you are into skateboarding and just enjoy skating around this game is amazing, but there isnt anything to do other than hit the same 10 feature over and over again. The game runs well and feels great everything usually works all the time and when it  doesnt it isnt game breaking just a goofy glitch.   
Very fun game, basically an unpolished skate 3 with better controls (my opinion) and one map (so far).
Is this worth the bucks? Hell yeah it is, if they just put in some more locations and some park(s) it would be nice. It's a little bit  wonky here and there. But give it some time and if the developers could make the fine adjustments to the game mechanics it's gonna be a new exciting times for skate-fans because i thinks this is very promising.
There are a whole of firsts for me, so, I will just list them all in list form to keep it neat and tidy.   1. This is my very first review I have ever written on Steam   2. This is the first very early access game I have ever purchased. I've always been a little adamant with early access but skateboarding is near and dear to my heart and the $20 was well spent to help these awesome devs bring this game to fruition  3. This game is the Skate that I have been looking for the past 8-10 years  4. We all know modding is a huge part of PC gaming. This is the very first game where I modded a skate deck into the game. I'm pretty proud of that and will be immersing myself to modding. Check out the Discord! Amazing content already for this game!   5.. Sooner or later, someone is going to read my review and will then see that I've put in over a thousand hours to this game very soon and will comment that I have no life. For Skater XL, I will take those comments as compliments  6. Get this game!
This game is what skate fans have been dreaming of for years. Great job already with so much to come I'm sure.
If you skate, you will hands down love this game!!  2019 is going to be a great year for skating games between this and Session. Both aim to be true to life, realistic, skating sims. And they do not disappoint!   Skater XL gives you complete board control. You can rocket your kickflips, or steez them out, catch tricks with either foot, do tricks clean, do tricks sloppy, its all covered.   If you played skate 3 on hardcore mode, this game is for you. If you did backflip 540 christ airs in skate 3, perhaps it's not for you
I like it, hope they expand soon this early access game
Feels pretty good, i understand that we only have this ''small spot'' to skate, but im waiting for updates and new content!
If this game isn't successful and expanded upon I'm going to kill myself.
Ill start with the only downside that i can see for this game which is the lack of content. I assume the devs are working on that. Most importantly tho, this game has a fresh new style that i havent seen in a skateboarding game for a long while. The controlls are crisp and responsive with a fun new way to controle the skateboard. It keeps me wanting to explore the map for the best spots to shred. So please if the devs are reading this, keep working at this game! You have somthing special here and i want more of it. Also get rid of the characters crazy eyes. The dude is creepy guys.
This game is amazing. There is a lot of content missing but as an early access, it is very solid. Some bugs here and there, regardless its truly brilliant. Love how easy it is to grind and make ollies, i literarly spend about an hour with it and im already grinding on stair rails. Very easy to pick up and play and learn try new things. My favorite at the minute grinding upwards looks really EPIC or jumping over rails landing on rails below. It is just too much fun! To the developers, keep going we haven't had a good skateboarding game for a while and you are on to something there... Would be cool to have more real skateboarding spots from around the world. If you could do Multiplayer that would be quite something, you know hanging out with your buddies online at some spot and trying trick.
Great game, just needs more updates like many previous reviews said.
The game is very entertaining and to be honest, quite realistic. Overall, the mechanics are very good and the gameplay is excellent. One thing I will say is that it wil get quite boring as you go because of the fact that there is only one map which I'm sure will get fixed in the future. Really enjoying it so far. Looking forward for future updates,
Have some problems with my PS4 controller, but it’s still a good game
Looking great, I have high hopes
Tnis game has a lot of potential, even though using the controller is kind off annoying its still east to control and not hard to land a trick. I recomend getting this game when more updates come out because so far its bland. hopefully this game turns into something good!
if you crave a good skateboarding game, this is your gem right here. cant wait to see what the devs have instore for us. make sure to join the discord group for modded maps and more to come
better then SKATE each analog stick is a foot takes some learning but you feel so much better about learning the tricks, game just needs a mini and a huge set and true skaters and skate fans will be happy,got this game 2 days ago have this many hours already
This game is incredible.  If you're a skateboarder, this is the game for you 100%. Modding community is very rich so you get your money's worth, even in it's early state.
great control over the board. love it so far. i'm using an xbox one controller and the controls are a bit buggy at times (my analog sticks invert a couple minutes into playing. maybe it has to do with playing goofy), hoping this gets fixed in time. looking forward to seeing how the game comes together over the next several months
Great game it really amaze. Worth the money especially if u skate IRL u should get it very satisfying. 
The amount of board control you have is insane and could be overwhelming, but once you get the hang of everything you'll find yourself trying new stuff for a few hours. This game is definetly at a good starting point. I think Open world will make or break this game, all PC/Console skating games should be open world like Skate was, the small maps are understandable for mobile gaming but itll take more then that to be successful on pc/console.
I SO HAPPY! (I'll post a real review with feedback later maybe?)
EPIC
This game is super barebones right now and lacking in a lot of ways, it's basically a demo that should have been free. But once you get used to the controls (which doesn't take long), it feels better than the Skate series and makes Session look like a joke. You actually get freedom in the rotation of your board in a way that lets individuals have their own style within the same trick. The devs plan on implimenting ingame video editing and customization options but also plan on increasing the price. If you want in on the ground floor of a Skate-killer with actual solid potential, this is it, but remember currently upon writing this, there is only one level and zero customization unless you use mods. Did I mention there's already a modding community with a discord?
[h1]FOR ALL EA SKATE© FANS/PLAYERS[/h1]  Is this game as good as EA's Skate Series? No....  Can it become as good as Skate? Probably not since it doesnt have the budget for it.  Right now the game doesnt have alot of content and alot of bugs and problems, but thats ok and understandable! RIght now the game is not worth the price but im convinced that this is made by enthusiasts for enthusiasts so I advice you to keep an eye on this game if youre into skating games but dont buy it yet or else you'll probably be dissapointed because it lacks content. I will refund the game for now but will buy it again if i can see that the developers are putting some hard work into it. This is a game that is something that is much needed on PC but its not the hero we want YET.
It's a light recommendation for now, I bought this game hoping it turns into something amazing, the early access isn't the best and if you want a ready to go game for 20$ this is not ready yet, but i would recommend people who are into skateboarding, especially anyone who was into EA skate, to support this game. My favorite part is that you can do things like a kickflip of tre flip like 100 different ways and it looks more authentic and closer to real skateboarding than skate. Boning kickflips and catching a 360flip with your front foot? I'm in.
As someone who has been looking for the next "skateboarding time sink"-game for a few years now I'm much more hyped for Skater XL than Session. The game is in early access so right now you wont get that much content for your money. There's only one map that's quite small, and the game is still pretty glitchy. (NOTE! This is all subject to change as the game develops further)  NEVERTHELESS! The glitchines and the small map aside, the gameplay is still solid and even the small map will provide you some fun for hours. The controls are pretty easy to get the hang of (i loved how controls worked in skate series and hated how they worked in Session) and landing tricks and figuring the gameplay out is really satisfying. Though I might need to point out that the controls are more like in Session than the Skate series, but somehow still easier to learn than in session.  If you are looking for a full fledged skateboarding game this is currently not it, but if you're just looking for something to play to fill the void that Skate series left in you THIS might just be the game for you. Skater XL is on a VERY strong foundation to become one of the best skateboarding games to date, and I'm eager to follow it's development out of early access.
I can control each foot individually. It's beautiful.
this game is actually great! the future of this game seems as if it will be good but I do have a few recommendations such as... -Maybe make a nice in depth tutorial showing players how to play like skate 3 did with coach franks skate school i think if that happens players will definitly understand the mechanics better and appreiciate the game more but all around this game looks very promising i would totally recommend it to anyone who likes skateboarding.
I recommend this game, its very hard to learn how to do tricks but if you love skateboarding i would buy this game  Cant wait for future updates!
I have to say this game is impressive, the controling system is new and taking a short time to familiar with, it can be smooth as once you are getting on. Right now there is only one map and lack of contents, I think its becouse its at early access stage, but this game has incredibly protential for further develpoment.  The system of the tricks is amazing, it gives you the freedom how you perfom your tricks, so everytime ur tricks can be landed all differently and stylish, give a big thumb up for this. Finally there is skating game on pc and it does very well job. If you are a skater in real life or EA player or Tonyhowks, this is an other level of realistc skating game you can get.   Overall the experience has been awesome, Im expacting more in future. Def Recommond this game .
Amazing game! hopefully a walking feature will be added and also transition. Can't wait for a new update with  a new area to skate and more features. Online games of skate and filming would be amazing also if ur contoller dosen't work propperly follow thir advice the wait and restart the game. I was upset it wasn 't working until i launched the game again and found joy. also the Moddind community is huge and adds everything we ask for so chec em out on the SkateXLModding discord.
A skateboarding game you didn't know you wanted. Flip tricks are awesome and gameplay is very fluid. Board control takes some time go get used to but when you learn the basics, you'll be doing all sorts of fancy tricks while also looking good doing them.  A strong recommendation for skateboard aficionados who are looking for a different take on skateboarding than the usual THPS.
this game is a reminsnces of skate series on petty console users. flip trick require you to use both analog sticks. all it needs is for the game to be completed. theres only one map for now.....
At first I didn't think this game would be as good as people said it would be. Boy was I wrong. Even though it has very little (because its in early access) up until this point I still find myself not bored in the slightest. Only only have a few problems with it. The first is that I think at its current state is is overpriced, but I am sure that that will change over time. Number two is that I have noticed that when you are coming off a grind for example and you try to land in a manual (at least for me) it didn't always land in a manual even though I was landing with my right stick in the corect position. My third issue is minor and I am sure it will be changed over time. When you fall off your board you seem to clip through almost everything you hit. But besides that it is a great game and I love how its realistic.
From someone who has been playing Skate 1/2/3, it was a bit difficult to learn the controls on a controller. After 30 min, I was able to land a good bag of tricks. The controls are smooth and when you land a trick, it feels like you diserve it (just like IRL). Of course the game is early access but you guys made an awesome job. Can't wait for updates
I really like this so far, it has a lot of potential to fill the void for skate games.
In my opinion, this may very well be the future of skateboarding games. After playing thousands and thousands of hours of EA Skate getting used to the detrailed controls in Skater XL is a long awaited challenge. I think we've all gotten to a point in EA Skate where we could do pretty much whatever we wanted (even in hardcore mode) and the magic of sucking and slowly getting better was already acomplished.  Skater XL is making me feel like I suck again and I'm loving it. What made me want to write this reveiw was just one perfect nollie flip front noseslide that I did on that hubba ledge and it was so stylish and took me so long (felt like) that I just stood up and clapped. I have many many more hours to put into this game before I am anywhere near being able to go cool shit all the time. And I'm so glad for that. Even if I have to get used to using the triggers to turn...  Expensive for the small amount of a level to get at the moment, but the mods will make it worth it.
This is a game for people who love skateboarding,  As of right now, there are no challenges, timers, scores Etc. but this is a reason why it's so special.  It looks great, It feels great. It was made with realism in mind.  However, if you are looking for 'Skate 4', you're in the wrong place. This is a work in progress with minimal features. If you want to just skate around, hit some manny pads and sesh some rails, buy this game. Skateboarding Simulator 2018   If you purchase this game, check out the mods. They definetly add to the experience.
IF YOU ARE USED TO SKATE 3 MECHANICS, GIVE THIS 1-2 HOURS TO REALLY CONVERT YOUR MUSCLE MEMORY.  IT WILL GET EASIER!  You genuinely have more control and realism when the two games are compared.  There's no question this game will produce a higher skill gap which rewards better players.  My only major gripe is that the map is small and repetitive, we desperately need more maps!!  My recommendations for mechanics to bring into the game: Hippie Jumps No Comply
Very good
Games Early Access, not alot of content but god damn this will be the Skate game we all deserved after Skate 3 if not better, trust. There will be a learning curve for sure. but once this game gets content and a story mode it will be 10/10. Just hope these devs keep doing their thing which im sure they will cause this game already seems dope af
Controls are a bit clunky and the animations need work but it feels like it could be pretty decent when fully released
This will most likely be the best skateboarding game to date. The physics, controls and gameplay are easily the most realistic and engaging of any skating game out there. Finished game could be phenomenal!
Its like Skate, in a way. Really interesting idea.  Needs a lot more development, though.  I look forward to the future! I don't recommend buying this yet unless you are aware of the limitations.  Only one level so far and not very much polish on the game right now. Just the bare essentials to get some basic skating in.
Not the Skate I wanted, but a Skate I needed.
If you have any knowledge of skateboarding, you will like this game. It's not perfect though. Some tricks need to be added, some animations for tricks need polish, and more locations need to be put in the game. If this happens then we might have the best skating sim ever made. Put in multipayer as well... whew. Can't wait for what the future holds for this game. It's addicting,fun, and complicated. Just like skateboarding..  Also the skater needs animation fixes too. He's too robotic. Hardly moves arms and his legs look  really unatural when he pushes.
Game Crashes on Launcher, Ive unstalled the game, re-installing it, Ive tried uninstalling then re installing K-Lite CodeC pack and nothing, help??
Even in this early state, Skater XL is the game I have been waiting years for now. I think after some small bug fixes, a few content updates, and some more exposure, we may have the skateboarding game we have all been waiting for. Looking forward to seeing more from these guys.
This CAN be the skate we have been waiting for since skate 3, at the moment it is just a gloryfied tech-demo. I understand the early release of this as a paied tech-demo to see if there is any interest. I hope that more content will come soon and in fast installements, even if it is a small bit at a time.  It is a ton of fun and i found myself imidetly trying complicated lines and sections.  I will keep an eye on this and update my review with time. if the dev will keep up with this game than it might be a good idea to invest early before the prise gets bumped up to $50 or so..... but this is a risky investment with EA working on session.  so fingers crossed for more content soon.
I've only played around for a few minutes with the game - but as of right now, that's really all there is to do.  The gameplay feels like it could be amazing when finished - or at least when more is added.  The control over the board is what is really going to stand out.  Even in its stripped down state, you can feel an impressive amount of control over the board when flipping tricks.    I still play the Skate series religiously.  We've been waiting for EA to get off their ass and make Skate 4 for way too long.  It looks like this game might be the light at the end of the tunnel once there are more features and an actual game to play through.    There's no real space to skate around, no areas to explore, no menu system as of yet, no way to get off the board(which was a frustarting things about the original Skate that was fixed later), and honestly for $20, that kind of stings.  With that said, as it stands right now - it's a solid showing of potential, but there's literally nothing to do.  Hopefully they're fast with the updates and additional content otherwise they're going to piss a lot of people off with what can feel like a bait-and-switch - even though it mentions its "current state", you would still think there was more to it than the character and a tiny area  to skate around.  I would recommend this for huge Skate fans as it is right now - you may see an excellent game built up and get the chance to be a part of the community in the development process.  For anyone who doesn't consider themselves a huge fan - you may just want to wait until they're further along in development before getting it.
This game is realy good, love the way it flows and how it looks. From playing all of the skate games, 1, 2 and 3. and even some of the Tony Hawk games back in the day, Skater XL feels and plays great, can't wait to see what Skater XL brings us with maps or open world like the skate games, I've been waiting for a new skate game to come out for too long. Easy 10/10 game.
As someone else said, More maps and customization, couple glitch fixes and it would be the skate game we've all been hoping for.
Game teaches you to flick to the side for a kickflip, but it's really ugly and mobbed out. I decided to flick diagonally like in real life and the kickflip actually leveled out. It is something really small but it just blew me away for some reason. Also the catching system makes for some fat steeze
If you enjoyed learning the controls in skate after playing tony hawk, you will like what this game did with their controls
v gud
This game is MAD!  Coming into this after hours upon hours in the tony hawks and skate franchies, This fills that spot. The game as potenial to be amazing but right now its just one little area and a few tricks.  Even with the small size map i can see it being a time sink.  Can't wait for more updates
fantastic keep it coming PLEAse
this game cant use keyboard ? how can i play , press A to start . lol
Early Access map is awesome and challenging. Controls are different at first but are picked up quickly. So far looks extremely promising to replace the EA Skate
The core gameplay is top quality, i really feel like having a total control over my skating board.   They are things that miss in the game but they are not really related for an alpha state like ambient life, people walking around, car in the background, music.  More urban art ?   Anyway good job for this, really good game
---{Graphics}--- ☐ You forget what reality is ☑ Beautiful ☐ Nicely ☐ Decent ☐ Bad ☐ Don‘t look too long at it ☐ Paint.exe  ---{Gameplay}--- ☑ Very good ☐ Good ☐ It‘s just gameplay ☐ Mehh ☐ Starring at walls is better ☐ Just don‘t  ---{Audio}--- ☐ Eargasm ☐ Very good ☑ Good ☐ Not too bad ☐ Bad ☐ Earrape  ---{Audience}--- ☑ Kids ☑ Teens ☑ Adults ☑ Human ☑ Aliens  ---{PC Requirements}--- ☐ Check if you can run paint ☐ Potato ☑ Decent ☐ Fast ☐ Rich boiiiiii ☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer  ---{Difficulity}--- ☐ Just press ‚A‘ ☐ Easy ☐ Significant brain usage (you will have to know what is the best to get rich, etc.) ☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☑ Difficult ☐ Dark Souls  ---{Grind}--- ☑ Nothing to grind (it's skateboarding game lol) ☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks ☐ Isnt necessary to progress ☐ Average grind level ☐ Too much grind ☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding  ---{Game Time}--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee ☐ Short ☐ Average ☐ Long ☑ To infinity and beyond  ---{Price}--- ☐ It’s free! ☑ Worth the price ☐ If u have some spare money left ☐ Not recommended ☐ You could also just burn your money  ---{Bugs}--- ☐ Never heard of ☑ Minor bugs ☐ Can get annoying ☐ ARK: Survival Evolved ☐ The game is one big bug 
This game is just a tech demo with little to no content. If your are NOT into skateboarding I cannot recommend this game in its current state.  BUT, if you are into realistic skateboarding you should definitly check it out and support the devs. The control over the board is just amazing and animations look dope!   Just to name a few things: - same tricks can look totally different - you can independently catch the board with front/back foot - flip speed controllable - endless flipping
This is honestly the most relaxing game.  Put on a spotify playlist and just sesh.  Can see myself easily putting 1000+ hours if they add more areas which im sure they will so it's a must buy for me.
As a huge fan of the Skate franchise, I just have three things to say:  1) This is a tech demo 2) It's still a lot of fun 3) Really nails the 'feel' of the Skate games  Not really a supporter of the early access model, but if you ever want another Skate game, support the devs and let's make this thing happen.
This game is very great, I cant wait to see what it changes in to, if they add multiplayer it would be awesome, very good game and will get better with better maps and stuff.
Your not getting much when you buy this game but you also feel obligated to support it since skating is a dying genre in the game industry, From a skaters perspective the games controls scheme is perfect since it forces you to think with your feet using your thumbs.
From the 30 hours ive played so far, this game has a lot of potential and from just playing the one map its still extremely fun
This game is what real Skate fans have been waiting for.   As for the early access, you can clearly see the potential for the evolution in this game. Can't wait to see how the game evolves into its natural state.   A steep learning curve is what makes this game truly rewarding. Just like real skateboarding. The control you have over the tricks is brilliant so far, I can't imagine what a polished product will provide.   I have nothing bad to say about this game at all.
Played a few hours so far, as someone who skates in real life and understands the fundementals of skateboarding.  I can say this game definitely captures what its like to skateboard. The most unique thing about is the control you have over your feet and the board. it makes the game feel very realistic. all the game needs is to work out bugs (just like any other early access game) and add more locations to skate. Maybe skater customization too? at the very least a female skate as well.
The majority of people playing this game have poured hundreds of hours into the Skate Franchise, like myself, and have been waiting for another skate game a couple of years now. Having played this and Session, I do believe that this game is our best chance at another quality skateboarding game. It's not perfect, and currently we are very limited to what we can do, but I have faith in the Devs to make something great out of this. I've only played for a hour but it's been an enjoyable experience so far. Buying the game right now in it's current state is an investment towards more content. I highly recommend this game, let's just hope for the best... Don't fuck this up Easy Day 
First things first: To those who are looking at the price tag and thinking its too high for such an early build, understand that this is going to be a huge game. With a little under two hours in i realize this and i have faith that this will fill the void that is skate 4. Also if you are a fan of the skate series, you should be excited because Skater XL is that light at the end of the tunnel. Buying this game means your investing in something that has great potentially. I can already tell the controls are going to be so much better (when speaking of tech). Plus it is going to have at least some iconic skate spots. what more could you ask for?  Side note: Sorry CRob, already switch flip mannied the stage ;)
(Y)
Such a promising start. I purchased this game for a number of reasons.   1. The empty hole left in my heart by the false hope of Skate4 and the shutdown of BlackBox 2. Lack of skateboarding games in general and the long wait for Project Session which I've been following since day 1 3. Most importantly, the mobile game SKATER these guys made is hands down the best skating game on mobile and its not even close.   With the fantastic gameplay, updates, extra content, and attention to detail in SKATER, I have complete faith in this company that they will continue to work feverishly on this game and produce a full product worthy of the hype. $20 seems steep but mark my words, when this game fully launches for full price and ends up being an all time great in the skateboarding genre, you'll wish you trusted these guys early on. Keep up the great work muh dudes!
By far the best skate game you can purchase on pc at this point. might not have a lot of content in its current state but the way the game plays and all the tricks feel is amazing.
-bigger map  -being able to get off the board to walk up to set up at a spot, ie. having to ollie up the steps to get to the kinked rail is kinda annoying. -not starting at the same spot ater every time you bail.  this is a good game overall even with all those points above.
looks amazing but that controller config and shit wont work for me so refund
Feels extremely smooth and rewarding, whilst also not being too punishable, which means you can hit something and not immediately fall of your board.   The sounds and tricks, as well as the map/textures are beautiful. Very Promising!
It has potential its way more rewarding when you land a trick than in skate takes time to get use to the controlls but its a nice chill game to play when you have nothing to do not worth 24 bux yet. 
This game has potential. Obviously the only thing I can really compare it to is the Skate games. The whole flicking stuff, is a little more complicated compared to Skate. You have to take account for a lot of stuff. It's definitely challenging to get the hang of everything. Like wanting to pop higher, needing to pull both the sticks down, but also wanting it to be a kickflip so I have to flick the right stick to the right, but I want to add a 360 with it, so I have to hold one of the two triggers to do a backside or frontside spin BEFORE I even pop. It definitely scrambles the brain a bit, but it's very enjoyable and satisfying when you get it done. Game is still a little rough, but I'm excited to see where this one goes.
It is a very good game but still in development. I hope that the developres will keep up the good work because it is very good. The controls are smooth and easy to learn. The only con for now is lack of customizable characters or skateboards or anything. But I hope that they will fix that in the future. but if you have a chanse go and pick it up it is tottaly worth the price!
It is just a very small demo area. For fans of the Skate series once the gameplay clicks it's clear this is the skate replacement we have been waiting years for. This is very rough around the edges but already it shows so much potential.  For the hardcore fans of the Skate series it's worth the price. Others may want to wait for more content.    Highly recommend.
Has the potential to be the best skateboarding game ever made.  The player has so much control, it is both daunting and exciting.  Can't wait to see what comes next.
iss lit
i would like to give this game a shoutout. if anyone reads this you should buy this game. please help them grow faster. i can reccomend you to experience their engine and i wpuld like to see where this game is going. 👌🏻👍🏻
Has its kinks and jiggs, but for being in early access, this game is godlike.
i cant tell you how much i love this game. buy it to support. think about the price later. this game is going places. plus the modding community is very strong already. join the discord!
If you skate in RL, you don't wanna miss this game. Controls are awesome once you're used to it. In my opinion it only needs more locations and a "getting off the board" option and maybe a Replay/Video option ;-)
Looking Forward for this game!
needs a get off the board aspect and a good one at that no glitchh and also get some new spots maybe a minnie  bowl good enough for airs and stalls and get good stalls make sure you make the stalls realistid and put cameras every where for good ai make sure they dont get in the way and stuff like that and make a phone like in real life and let skaters invest even pros and make it some sorta realistic and make it better for ingame stuff and stock in the game if you keep investing make sure its only for good investors and this game good be beyond aspects
Not quite $20 worth of content. But the game is very fun. Obviously is more developed than Session therefore can be enjoyed more. Modding is prevelant and makes the game that much better.
This games great so far. The only complaint I have is that you can't fall and get up from where you were it goes back to the session marker you placed or where you start from. Other than that this game is extremely fun and I can't wait to see how it continues to develope.
In the short way? Its good. It has potential.  Things it needs? -score? -music (in game punk music would be great. I dont know the developers budget, but with some good oldschool punk songs, it would be amazing) -more levels (and minigames? Such as, hit this trick, or follow the line, or score max) -character customization  Current ratings?  8/10 - mechanics - great mechanics and wonderful realization. Theres some bugs, but once their worked out, no problems from me.  0/10 - audio - no audio that I know of, but throw on some punk music in the background 4/10 - skatepark - kinda fun trying to find your own lines, but not really much to do 0/0 - things to do - things to do other than to test the controls are kinda non existent. But you can try and find your own lines. Id love to see them to be frank.   Is the game fun? Yes, but it needs more. The game will definately be great later on. But dont wait. If you purchase now, the game may get enough funding to release features faster, thus creating more fun.  Mechanics - The mechanics are amazing. Some people dont realize the intuitiveness of them, but 20 minutes of going through the controls and I was kick flip to grind to 360 flip switch to manual. It was fun, and the glitches are funny. I hope they get enough money to increase the speed at which its done, but until then its fun to play for a bit if your in a hankering for skating. Throw some punk music on in the background and lose yourself trying to hit that perfect line.
As a skateboarder, this game is perfect. I would love to see more spots recreated; Love Park, El Torro, Hollywood High, etc.
So much potential to be the skating game of all time. Ten thousand times better than that Unreal trash, SEssion.  Cant wait to see this expand
I like this game, However I really want more. *More maps *More tricks(A huge part of skating games is all the amazing tricks you can pull off. The satisfaction comes from landing a really hard trick or stringing tons of great tricks together) *More ramps(Especially long drops, they are fun to gain alot of speed.) *Combo meter(Something that's always satisfying to see, is that score racking up when I'm stringing alot of great combos together) *Maybe not dying after hitting the slightiest bump.(While it feels realistic, I feel like I died way too easily) *Needs more speed(You have to be able to generate more speed. That's the part of the fun in a skating game)
I feel like this is it. If the devs do these things I would consider this game an equivalent of Skate 4: More maps (or even open world, which would make this game instantly better than skate 3 if they made good locations), Character creation, level creator, board creator, bigger ramps and more tricks like grabs and flips. I feel like this game in it's current state is not worth $20, so I will probably refund it before 2 hours, because I consider this a demo. But I will keep my word, and buy this game when it gets at least 2 of the things I listed above. I just don't feel like "pre-ordering" this game, because it's not ready, and you never know if they keep working on this. The mechanics are very crisp though, so I recommend giving it a try.
Make more stable for older computers or ability to lock fps.   Other than that physics engine is nearly perfect, I wouldn't change anything except more variation in pop strength and small small increase in spin. Add transition and finish up the animations and this game will be a masterpiece second to no other skateboarding sim.
Best skating game I've played by far. Obviously still alot to come. But atm 👌 the control you have is second to none :)
Skater XL... a new skateboarding game on steam. I never thought this game would be so damn amazing ! Mecganics are great, board control is wow and the graphics are stunning ! Even its in Early Access, its already so damn amazing ! Keep on programming Easy Day Studios, im waiting for a multiplayer, more maps, own parks, custom decks etc.
Skater XL shows more promise in its current infancy than any other Skateboarding game on the market at the moment, including Session. Skater XL merges the play style of Session using each trigger to lean on the board, with the responsiveness and accuracy of Skate 3. It also lends a certain intiution from the Skate series as by design, the operation of the controls correspond quite logically to the movements of each foot on the board. This approach to control may effectively place this title in the 'Too Hard Basket' for many players, however given a few hours even hundreds of hours of Skate 3 muscle memory can be built upon as the games control quickly become instinctive.  With the game engine already at this level of polish in such an early stage of development, Skater XL's likely success could spell a resurgence in skateboarding games as competitors move to capture the interest that this game will garner should it continue on its current tragectory.  Play this game if you have any interest at all in the future of skateboarding in video games.
Pros: -Looks promesing. The controlls is the best. Much more realistic then skate.  - Nice graphics.  - Ok optimisation.  - AMAZING community, mods, discord.   Cons: - Severely lacking in content.  - Only one small erea to skate in, and no challenges or anyting. It is like a bear bones skate demo with no time limit.   Summery:  This game might become really great, but right now it is not worth the money unless you can spend hours trying to nail that rail. You never know with these early access, it might never be finished. But if you want to back the developers by all means buy the game.  Edit: After a couple of more hours playing i am now hooked like a w`?ore on crack.
Good game 👌
The game at the moment feels like a Tech Demo with nothing to do but skate around a small area, but I can see the potential and this pretty much could be the spiritual successor to the Skate series that we have been waiting for.
Highly recommend for anyone after a new skating game. Takes a little getting used to but is so satisfying the whole way through. Also has an amazing community on the discord.
very cool game! needs more locations and the ability to grab and to do manual combinations (pivot an stuff)
After thousands of hours in the "Skate" series, I bought this game on a whim just to see what it had to offer. First night I played about 20 minutes, thought "Eh, it kinda seems like they've got something. Probably won't play it again for awhile."  Every night since I've played another 30-45 minutes, and I can see my skills in the game improving drastically. Controls are quite different than the Skate series, but more satisfying to learn and master. I can't wait to see where this game goes. It lacks content right now but that is to be expected this early on. 90% of a skateboarding game is the physics and trick mechanics, This game handles those aspects better than any I've seen. Adding more maps and spots, and maybe a replay editor similar to that in the Skate games would make this game a masterpiece.
Not easy to master but so rewarding when you nail exactly the line you wanted to do, just like in real life you need to plan and think every move before going in. With a LOT of updates and love from the dev, this game will be the thing every skater in real life want since SKATE 3.
This game has huge potential. The developer got the handling and controll of the skateboard down to a point.  This game is not for everyone though, if you are looking for an arcade style "Tony Hawk" game, this game is not for you.  On the other hand, if you are looking for a more realistic "simulation" type of experience, this is more where this game fits in.  At the current state of the game, the game mechanics feal awsome, but the game lacks content.   If the developers add more content down the line, such as maps, community mod support, and some character customization, this game would have a very bright future!      
If you skate you'll love this game. Trying your favorite tricks on nutty obstacles never gets old, plus you have to be fairly precise in order to land said tricks and so when they're accomplished it feels amazing. I've skated damn near every obstacle on the whole "demo" esque map of the court house and all I want is more so I'd say that this game is very worth the buy.  EDIT 2/11/19: I've been playing this game since it came out and it still holds up. The modding community has really kept this game going whilst the devs iron out technical issues and such. New maps, clothes, boards etc are all available which has really kept the game fresh for me, in addition to even after putting 30+ hours into the game im still learning new ways to do tricks and getting used to and taking advantage of the mechanics. my ONLY COMPLAINT however is some tricks are somewhat finicky. Specifically and tricks requiring a more precise scoop of the analogue stick, i.e. varial heelflips, varial flips, hard flips, and inward heels. While they're possible, the game seems unable to determine whether or not i want to do a 360 hard flip or a standard hardflip despite making the same or very close to the same movements with the sticks. Other than that the mechanics and the modding community are the true meat and gristle of this game.
An extremely promising game. Totally worth $20 & Im excited to see what the future holds for it.
Even in its current unfinished state, it's a ton of fun to skate around and string some realistic looking lines together.
I don't really think in its current state it is worth the 20 bucks. But knowing that this game will eventually be one of, if not the best skateboarding games of all time at some point is worth the 20 bucks. The map is really small but fun to play. The controls are a little hard to grasp at first so you won't easily do everything you want right away. All the game really needs is either a big open world map or a bunch of decent sized parks and areas to skate. I would love for SLS to get involved with this game so we can get some SLS parks and competitions eventually. Get some real brands involved like they did on Skater app so we can do some customization. Some goals on certain levels, level creater, and a film mode would be rad as well. If you are a hardcore skate fan like me then I would recommend this.
Really good. I love the amount of variables there are that determine how a line flows, or how a trick is performed. Lovely engine, this is the type of game I love. Great gameplay, and sandbox style
[h1] A great start [/h1]  As a skater myself I was really excited when I ferst saw the trailer to [b] "Skater XL" [/b]. Being able to skate real life spots all over the world with a realistic skate-feeling is really something every skater who plays video games wishes for.  So I decided to buy it and see what I will get. And I have to say, [u] im beyond amazed by this game! [/u]  First of all, for the money you pay, you only get one map without any customisations or challanges. Its only free-skate at the moment. for the currently 16,79€ thats not much, but Im more than happy to support the developement of this game as I'm sure it will become something great!  The controls make sense to me, each stick controlls one foot. that way I only have to think what trick I would like to do, imagine how it works in real life and then put it into the game, which works pretty good for me. Thats definitely a plus for realism. also the ability to catch the board any time with your back or your front foot gives you endless trick posibilities. Grinding works really good, also works with a lot of sense. I really dont have anything to complain about (considering its Early Access). Ofc there are some little issues that has to be worked on, few little buggs, but it surely is more than playable already!  To put it a bit together:  What I really like: + realistic board control + Real life skatespots + good, realistic trick feeling + one-foot-catches + tricks always look different, depending on how you do them +overall smooth control + finally a new skateboarding game + pretty good performance, even my "not-so-up-to-date" system can handle the game on medium with decent framerates  what I dont like so far: - every time the skater falls it automatically respons at the marker  For the future I wish for:  o more maps, maybe even open world  o adding tricks like no-complies, graps, wallrides  o customization  o bug fixes  o an improved lock-in system for nose/tailslides  o  Challanges  o NPC's  So yea, it makes a ton of fun to play already and I cant wait for the final game as well as the road towards it. Everyone who wants this game to be a success should invest these 16,79€ as a support for this great indie-gamestudio. [i] Thank you Easy Day Studios Pty Ltd! [/i]
it has a bright future but it does need a little bit of work but i really like the game :D
pretty dope game, i really like it. the mechanics are so much more fun and dynamic compared to any other skate game out there. its alittle rough around the edges but has amazing potential seeing its just in early access. i just hope they'll impliment a function where you can turn while squating. (i might be an idiot and not realize there already is that function)
Wow, this is the next skate 4!
a d d i c t i n g
Thank god for Skater XL. This is the game I've been waiting for since the Skate series. And it's on PC!? You guys have really outdone yourselves.   This game is Early Acess, but it's still fun for what little there is. To be honest, I wanted a skate game where you could hippie flip. AND YOU CAN!! My oh my what a clean game.  Here is a small video of some hippie flips to show its possible.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sira1ppgMl4  Can't wait for more!! 10/10
Great mechanics and spectacular board physics, i cannot wait to see what this game turns out to be
High price but it is pretty fun. Hoping they will give us new maps soon. The mods are okay for now
Worth to buy
Hey Buddy, trust me I know that feeling.   You can still remember the very first time you used the new “flick-it system” at your friends house, way before you or your family could afford a new game system that supports this game. For the longest time, all you had was short sessions with the game, maybe 15 minutes at the most before everyone else wanted to move onto the next game.   Eventually, you moved on like everyone else.  Fast forward 4 years, and you got your first paycheck as an adult. What do you do? You live out your deepest childhood desires. Eventually, this leads you to finally purchasing your own copies of the series that captivated and captured your childhood  Enter the “Skate” series.  You play it for a few hours. You play it for 30 minutes. You play it before you go to sleep. You play it in between shifts. You play it when you should be working. You play it when you shouldn't be doing anything. You play it until you can't stand to look at the outdated but convincing-enough graphics. You play it when you can't remember what it was like to be a kid.  But now its been years, and the old game is wonderful, but you can't help but hope for more? After all, everyone plays the game still, and it's been 8 whole years, where is the 4th installment?  You wait and you wait. You check online. Oh! A twitter status has confirmed a 4th one! Nope, its fake. So you continue to wait. You check daily.  You lose faith.  But then you start to hear about new rumblings in the genre. You’re intrigued again, filled with mystery.  You download Skater XL. And you hope.  You hope, and you hope. You research and you investigate and you realize that all you can do is hope.  You hope that they don't abandon you like the last time you fell in love. You hope that the community is resilient and patient.  But most of all, you really are just hoping that you can be a kid again.  I highly recommend this game. I know it's only in Beta, but it has me feeling like the wait is finally over my friends. 
tl;dr: go get it, well worth it  Skater XL is more a simulator than an arcade game, so don´t expect to do unrealistic tricks, grinds and huge combos.  The controls need practice (if you played any of the Skate games you´ll have a bit of a head start) and so far there´s not much to shred on, but for what little is available, I´m surprised to have 12 hours played already - so for me, it´s price has already been justified.  I´m having lots of fun figuring out how to make the skater do the things I want consistently and finding new spots to trick on. There is no UI telling you what stance you are in, so you need to think hard how and what to flick sometimes, at which angle you go at a ledge etc.  If devs flesh it out properly, we are looking at the best skating game EVER.  
So much potential
I swear, The characters balls are rail magnets.
Very enjoyable. I can't wait until they open up the skate area to a little bit more and allow friends to skate with you (multiplayer). It's still very fresh and I am excited to see what the future holds for this game. A LOT of potential.
Nice and fun game. Some moments reminds me of Skate 2 and Skate 3. Controls are still confusing me with EA Skate controls but it's doable for sure. Map could use some work however...  I'd wait for a better version of the game, not lots to do and $20 is a bit much for the state of the game but if it helps the devs make this game better then I'm all in for it.
this is the most acurate way to skateboard using a controller. its more simulation then skate 3 by a long shot.  and i really hope they start adding more maps and a reply/record button soon. what these creators have done honestly has the potential to be legendary in the skate board game industry. what they have now isnt much but its worth the money in hopes the group is able to continue updating it and what not. more maps to play would be awsome first thing to start seeing as what they have now is small. but i do belieave its worth the money when you play it youll understand.  note tho this game is for the skate board lover. if you dont skate you might find this not entertaing because more thoughts go into it then just hoping on and going for it like tony hawk. and im very excited to see where this continues to go and as long as they keep working on it i will keep playing it
You know what this game feels like? Learning how to skateboard again.  I've finally learned the controls and all I can say is I'm having endless amounts of fun re-learning tricks I used to do all the time irl and doing ones I couldn't irl.   These controls feel like skateboarding.   Buy this game if you skate irl or used to skate. Learning every trick again will be the best fun you've had in a while.    9/10, would be 12/10 if skating goofy didn't feel so goofy ;)
Takes some time to get used to the control sticks working as feet. I cant wait to see where they can take this product in the futiure
It is definitely one of those games that take some time to get used to, but once you mess around with it, it is solid! I really like this game because you can tweak your tricks all around, whether that be slowing down a flip, rotation, or body varial. Lots of room to improve on this game like adding new maps, different playable characters, and all around a better community. Especially in the old Skate games, you could just add little spots. It doesn't have to be a whole new map. Man i would love to skate the berrics in this game, and other spots around my hometown as well! Thanks for reading my review. This game [like i said] has a lot of time to improve, and is going in the right direction. Also, i wonder when session will be released. This game might be a little more popular than Session, since we haven't have even seen a release trailer from it yet...
Best mechanics in a skateboard game ever, loving it, I hope it gets updates actively while on development
What a great start to a Promising Future.  Going into this early access with mediocore expectations I was pleasently surprised by the quality and replayablity of this game. Its early in the full game stage but I have to be honest its very solid and in my opion worth the $20.00. I highly recommend anyone that has enjoyed EA's Skate series to give this a shot and support this developer. If they keep on track with this I see a AAA title for sure.
Excellent so far, looking forward to seeing more spots and content.   The board control is better than the Skate games, I absolutely agree with all the other people saying the same thing!  
Not gonna lie, this is a rough early state and you only get to skate around in a small area, but that's the only bad thing about it so far. Which means I am very happy to support the project, cause I love what I see as the foundation  You should expect a gameplay that clearly evolves upon the genius EA SKATE formula, and borrows some ideas from the kickstarter project "Session". Comparing it with these 2 titles, I find it's the perfect middle ground, and it's more impressive than session in terms of it's controls.   Where Session can be really tricky to get used to, and even then feels somewhat awkward at times, Skater XL manages to have a clear concept of the way you control your feet to do whatever you wanna do. Not even a half hour in, and I already have no problem figuring out how different tricks should be done with the sticks, and this is how I know it's intuitive AF  Skate games are a weird nut, and it is imperative to have developers that have in-depth knowledge, both about games and skateboarding in order to have a product that can be satisfying, while staying true to skateboarding as a sport. Which is why such projects should be supported when they start with the right foot imho.  Gotta admit I am excited a decent skating game is finally on PC, can't wait to see this grow
the most expensive proof of concept i have ever purchased as a customer
love it
This game is a rough diamond. There is definately a lack of content, bugs, glitches, but the core gameplay is great fun. Lots of possibilities, controls are good easy to pick up and hard to master. If you want to replicate RL parts of skaters this game has you coverd. It has freeflipping, smooth grind transitions and so on.   Hopefuly the devs will build on the foundation this game has and make it the best skate sim on the market. If you are looking for a fully fledged game, with a lot of features, pass on this. You will be unhappy and frustrated.  However if you want to be the one that backed up an upcomming skate sim that has a lot of potential. Buy and enjoy.
Wow!  K, so lots to say here. First want to shout out anyone who was involved in the development on this game. It's a beautiful bold idea that I'm so glad you brought to life.   Pros:  That board feel! The speed/angle of which you flick creates a slightly different flip trick. Sort of what they were trying to accomplish with Tony Hawk Proving Groud, and what these same guys accomplish in the Skater mobile app. This type of dynamic styling of tricks takes video game skateboarding to the next level and does it really well i think.  Overall graphics/mo-cap are great. Early Access Map of the Courthouse makes sense. Easy to skate and learn.  Cons: Having a hard time to adjust to rotations with the triggers, but i feel confident i'll be able to master soon. I feel less confident that i'll be able to master grinds/slides. Its pretty unclear on how to get into a noseblunt for instance.   Overall glitchiness is mild to moderate and it gives the game an unfinished feeling. Thats cool tho, this is Early Acces right? ...right? lol   Final thoughts:  How can you not give this 5 Stars?  I've got so much respect for the team who created this. Skate 3 came out in 2010 and the sport is in dire need of innovation on video game platforms. My hat goes off to you guys. Happy to support this!
At this point this is barely even a demo. But, I'm willing to risk a little money to support a game of this type. Hopefully it delivers in the future.
this is one amazing game. its more of a tech demo in its current form but what you get is phenomenal. im a skate franchise fan but more importantly a life long skater. this has, imo, superior controls to skate, it has a bit of a leaning curve but when you nail it you have crazy amounts of control, from how you catch to the amount of stee, its nuts. if your just a fan of skating games, wait for more but if you actually skate and enjoy it, BUY THIS. im looking forward to the future development of skater xl.
This game is amazing. Because of the way they've designed the controls, it really feels like you're controlling everything you're doing, and you kind of are. That makes the game hard, but that difficulty is satisfying. When you finally land the thing you were trying to do, it's endlessly more satisfying knowing how hard you worked for the trick and how precise your movements had to be. It's the most gratifying feeling I've ever experienced playing a skate game. It feels the most like actual skateboarding. There are still little glitches and things here and there but it's just been released on early access and I'm more than willing to overlook these things given this and given the overall quality of the game. Buy it. Buy it now. It's worth it trust me it's amazing.
Controller issues early on but fixed pretty easily. All said a great game with a lot of potential in a unexplainably naked corner of the simulator market! Can't wait for more content! Stop waiting for Skate 4 and buy this game! Lets get these guys funded so they can release a full title!
As a street skater of near 30 years with knackered knees and a bad back, I really want a solid skating game that is fairly true to the street scene, this early access so far has exceeded my expectations. I play all Skate/Skating games on hardcore and for the most part just run realistic lines trying to make them look steezy and SkaterXL is 100% just that, it's realistic, it's the game for putting together really good lines with the added bonus of being able to make them look steezy AF, something you just don't get with the Skate series. High hopes for this title. The ability to session spots with a few buddies online... that'd be great.
Potential, potential, potential. As with any barebones early access game, there's zero guarantee that Skater XL will become something great. But the [i]potential[/i] is there.  I'm not a super huge skateboarding fan, but I always enjoyed the video games centered around it; I grew up with the THPS series on PS1, and had a lot of fun with the Skate series as a teenager. EA has abandoned Skate since then, and THPS has gone progressively further and further down the drain, so to finally see a project like Skater XL being worked on is a welcome surprise. You should be warned that as of the time of this review, you're really paying $20 for a proof-of-concept demo; you're restricted to one tiny location with a small ramp in the corner and a few things to grind on. That's it. With that being said, here's why I think this game has potential--the controls feel really, REALLY good. They're awkward at first, and the tutorials don't do a lot to explain it, but I eventually figured out what the controls are centered around. The left thumbstick controls your front foot, and the right thumbstick controls your back foot. By flicking or rotating these sticks, you immediately have a very natural-feeling way of performing ollies, spins and flips once you learn how the stick's movements relate to your feet in-game. The tiny sandbox we're given turns into quite a fun little playground as you slowly start to feel like you're actually learning how to skateboard. That's not to say that this game is a simulator, because it's not, but it has a really good feel to it and I think that they've built a solid core gameplay element to expand on. Hopefully we'll see more content soon; I'd love to see bigger maps, some objectives to tackle, and character customization, to name a few. Maybe some grab tricks as well. It's hard to justify the price tag at the game's current state, but again; potential, potential, potential. If you're a fan of skateboarding then this is worth checking out.
I've played just over half an hour and I can already recommend this if you were a fan of Skate. Sure, there's not much in the Early Access at the moment but it feels like a lot of the groundwork is already there. The animations look good and, just like with Skate, it's really satisfying when you land even the most basic trick. I just really, really hope the developers keep working on this as I believe it could be just what many people have wanted for a long time.
tony hawk simulator
This game is a ton of fun so far. If you skate, the controls will mostly make sense to you. I've logged hundreds of hours on the skate franchise so this came pretty naturally, but, i have to un-learn some controls from skate that are ingrained in my mind. Really stoked on this game so far. It feels realistic to do tricks, and its just challenging enough to feel rewarding. It's cool that you can catch tricks differently, helps cater to your own style. In future updates, i hope to see walking (its hard to get up the stairs otherwise) and lowered stick sensitivity. It's really difficult to JUST do a varial flip or JUST do a hardflip. I pretty much always end up doing a 360 flip, etc.  edit: after playing more i realize the switch animations are the same as nollie (just backward) and therefor look kind of weird.
I really like this game, the control is smooth and it just fells good! It makes so much fun to play I know that it's an early access game, but nevertheless I have a few points which I would like to have in this game:  *Multiplayer *A bigger map, like in skate3 *That you don't fell off the board that easily, just when you touch the bench *Charakter and board design *A tasklist with missions would be nice *Create your own parks *Carry the board in your hand and run with it insteat if riding it (*I am not sure but I think there are no late flips available, so that would also be nice)  All in all I like it, but big updates are necesarry:)
If you can't skate because of the weather,  This is a damn good substitute.    This one has potential.
We don't need skate 4 when we have Skater XL
Gelecek vaad ediyo. 
-More maps -character customization -story mode -bug fixes  and this game would be perfect!
Pros: For being in early access the animations are amazing for the majority of tricks Controls feel fluid Challenging controls (Its NOT exactly the same as Skate!) Easily Moddable fun as heck  Cons: No story. multiplayer, or any other content besides being a simulator at the moment. Can be a little buggy, nothing game breaking so far. (This is Early Access though) No transition at the moment.   If you skate and have been waiting for a Skate 4 like game, this is easily worth the $20 even in its present state. If not, you will get bored of this game very quickly.
Its not ready for purchase at all.... they need to get this game off the market. Controls are okay and the game needs major updates. Of course its a Beta or in its early phases but its not ready for purchase for sure. Its fun and exciting but no need for this game to be out out yet.
Man so I gotta say for early access this game is already Kick@s$ I highly recommend this game to anyone who liked the skate franchise
this game does not work for pc can you please change to keyboard controls in future updates
This game is gnarly. much better control in terms of creating new tricks that is much more technical than EA skate. i do love EA skate before. but ya know. skate tricks kinda evolving.sooo yearh. hopefully dev gave us great game updates such as skateparks/famous skate spots. the skater hit sensitivity when hit an object. i dont kknow. updates that will  make this game much more stable and fun.
So glad my compulsion in looking for skating games paid off for once! This is game has the foundation to become a great game. Love the controls for each foot. Bigger levels with more to do will make this game amazing. If you like skating games such as Skate ete, keep an eye out for this game in the future.   Keep up the good work guys!!
Simply awesome. I could not describe this game differently or nothing less than awesome. If you are skater you must got it. The game itself is challenging however makes it much more fun. Once you understand the timing of this game you are going to put style on your trick which I had never seen before in any skateboarding game, all the charter movements and skate movements are going to be made from your ability to do it. You will have to play it and practice to land all your tricks as you want.
That feeling when I switched from Tony Hawk's Pro Skater to Skate and you knew it was something totally new and different for the better?  I get the same feeling with this.  Once there is a larger map and more to do this game is going to be epic.
As a skateboarder for 10 tens years now and a fan of skate 1,2 and 3 this tech demo has a lot of potential to grow into the best skateboard game ever. you must hire more staff and put serious work on this title. things i love about this game is the willingness to land tricks and to see how much the style really shows. i feel like your on a good path to maybe just do iconic real skate spots from various locations around the world then to just ceate some fictional city like EA skate, real spots gives this game so much flavor, cant wait to try tricks down a huge set, rail, or gaps.
As someone who's skated for almost 30 years and played skateboard games since Thrasher I can say this game has the potential to be great. The controls feel really solid already and can only imagine what tricks we'll be able to pull off when its fleshed out. I played Sessions since the demo came out and just couldn't get into the controls so Skater XL has me hyped. Don't buy this now if you're expecting anything more then a demo but just know this will be an awesome game if the devs treat it right.
Very promising game just needs content and optimization, controls feel great looking forward to the updates.
Skater XL is nowhere near complete but I'm excited to see what will become of this game. So far I'm really enjoying what it offers. Currently you skate around in West Los Angeles Courthouse and can grind and do some really sweet board flips and manuals. Things I really hope to see soon would be, being able to perform grab tricks, a map with a half pipe, and a scoring system to show Trick performed. Until then I will be jamming around the Courthouse!
At first, lets be fair this game is actually in a Early acces and very new to the public market. i still support it and like it very much, cant wait for more content! <3  Its actually not much or a full tripple A game, but very good its to early to make a full review but let me say it makes fun, to play the physics of doing tricks and riding the board feels very good and realistic. Grinds working very good, also doing lines with manuals to other stuff are working to good.   The Graphic looks good and for a 2018/2019 up to date. The controlls are fine but it may cause difficulties with diffrent controllers (Xbone, x360, ps3/4, causal gamepads for win10) How i said its a early accses there is a lot of stuff missing and the current map is a bit small but enjoyable.  All we can do right now is to stay tuned and fully support our team, theres a big&great community thats already working on all kind of mods for the game.  To conclude is said: Pay patience and stay tuned, dont worry if it takes time.
This game is exactly what I was looking for.  Controls make so much more sense to me than Session. Gameplay is smoother, Catch mechanic is awesome and the style you can put on your tricks is out of this world... Cannot wait for some bigger areas and gaps to explore!!     10/10 Hugely promising game!
Between this and session, its a definite step in the right direction for us who have been waiting patiently for a new skate game. the controls are what i wanted in a skateboarding game and its so satisfying to throw down a 540 flip with the catch mechanics this game has. looking forward to seeing future updates soon as this will easily be a big competitor to the session game that ive sunk so many hours into.
This is definitely a step in the right direction.   Controls could be a little tighter along with the flow of the characters animation, however the lack of a decent skate game compensates for it. Cant wait to see future updates for this title.   7/10. Throw down $20, get that kickflip out of your system, and just be patient.
Still in early access but I see huge potential in this game. It can be the skate 4 that we never got. I look forward to the development of this game :D
It seems to be  a well worth game... in the future. As of now, it can only be described as a tech-demo, but a very insightful one!  -good mechanics with a few solvable bugs. -good performance even without a great deal of optimizing. -very modable platform with big community focus and extention possibilities.  ONLY BUY FOR NOW IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A SKATE AID. BUY LATER IF YOU'RE OUT FOR A GREAT GAME OVERALL
Finally we got some good skateboarding game on PC. Christmas is just coming and I have Christmas already just because of this game. I love it and I hope developers will keep updting this game in future because it is already better then EA skate series. It is new, it is fresh, something that we all needed.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wy1CBWqADCI&t=13s
fun for a little, there are many things they need to add to this game to improve playability, these i don't doubt will come in the future, first and foremost stances! i skate goofy not regular, i would like to have that choice in the game, secondly, grabs this game is missing a large portion of tricks by leaving out grabs. i would like to see these added in the next update, quality over quantity, we want a actual game and not have major gameplay mechanics less favored over new content. the third gripe and maybe its just me but having turn on the left stick and on the triggers just seems unnatural, i would much prefer to see better control on the left stick and the triggers used for something like grabs instead. definitely needs more work to get even close to the potential this game has, please dont flop!
best game
As a real life skater and somebody who has spent more hours on the EA Skate games then I care to admit I am VERY happy with this early access game. I have now logged in a few hours on both Sessions and Skater XL. In my opinion Skater XL is blowing Sessions out of the water (that may change in time but we will wait and see). With Sessions I never got used to using the bumpers to steer my skater. I absolutely HATE those controls. I grew increasingly frustrated with Sessions controls as I could never execute the tricks that I wanted to do. With in minutes of playing Skater XL I became so comfortable with the controls that I was nailing every trick that I would think of (within the games limits) and I am having a blast! I honestly feel like I already got my moneys worth as this game is finally quenching my thirst for playing a new skateboarding game. I am a HUGE fan of the Skater app game on my phone and I can't wait to see how Skate XL progresses in development.
20 bux is hard (nearly 17€), 10 should be max...  but i bought it because i like nishe games like Descenders and BMX PIPE and  I WILL ALWAYS SUPPORT SUCH FOR PC and in fact its mod-able (parks,clothes will come)...  i dont care about storyycunntcanndy in games like this.... its like a freeroam techdemo ... i am not disappointed session demo is far far worse...  but i understand if common people have a problem with this...   just had 30min in testing the controlls  just waiting for some modded big stairs and rails ...and nice maps  for casuals stay away  for nichelooking strangers (like me :trolol: ) who just like to experiment- > grab it  ps. i am a Ex-Skater
It took me about an hour before I really started to enjoy and appreciate the game and it's controls. I believe there is great potential here for a fresh and progressive skateboarding title. As a skateboarder for over 20 years the game plays exactly the way I had hoped. It feels realistic with just the right amount of difficulty. For me, it's very satisfying to play a skating game where I can pull off believable tricks with style. I'm not interested in doing switch 720 hardflips into a smith grind down a 30 stair. Instead, with Skater XL I have enjoyed landing beautiful tech lines like a backside 180 to fakie manual on the tall manual pad with a nice inward heelflip or bigspin out. This is a different type of game than a Tony Hawk's Pro Skater, a beloved series that was endless fun in it's own over-the-top way. Skater XL has the potential to surpass and improve upon EA Skate with it's dialed controls and lifelike physics. As for detailed criticism there are more than a few things that can be polished and refined in this barebones early access game. The character movement is pretty good compared to titles of the past, but there is a lot of room for improvement there. It's just plain difficult to make fluid character physics in skateboarding games but I think this game has an input system that lends itself to the completion of that task. The existing controls for the legs allow movements that gives the player not only excellent board control, but also the ability to creatively enhance tricks with personal style and flair. You can catch 360 flips with your front foot, rotate and move around when grinding, tweak an ollie in different directions mid-air (which looks much better with the legs as opposed to the unnatural full body turning back and forth that would accomplish this otherwise), and it's even possible to do something close to revert tricks with a little practice. The upper body movement, on the other hand, leaves a lot to be desired. Randomizing the arm, torso, and head movement to some degree would be an interesting way to make it feel less robotic and programmed. In addition, it would also be very cool to be able to adjust the character's style. I'd like to see a slider in character creation that goes all the way from arms down Antwuan Dixon buttery smooth to seizuring body and flailing arms trying not to fall. In fact, it will be nice to see any character creation at all- a feature the game understandably lacks in it's current state. The pushing, steering, and speed control system also needs work. I'd like to be able to slow down without putting a foot down, and there is the need for a faster push. A powersliding mechanic would be a fantastic addition, along with a fast push default mapped to one of the many free controller buttons. The steering is okay, although fine adjustments are slightly difficult and when steering with the left analog stick I find myself popping unwanted tricks. In the matter of steering however, I'll admit it may simply amount to user error and lack of practice that is causing my frustration with the controls. Lower on my wish list is the ability to skate some vert. Airing, stalling, and grinding on vert is challenging to include in a skate game with simplified controls. It's impossible for the game to know whether you want to air out, over, or maybe even blunt stall a quarter pipe without some additional button press that runs the risk of needlessly complicating a beautifully simple input system. I'm sure there are solutions to this problem, and they must be explored, for no game can be the GOAT of skateboarding games until I can recreate at least some of the excellent mini-ramp Cheese & Crackers moves in game. For now I can live without grabs, darkslides, caspers, primo, and all the other freestyle essentials and skateboaring oddities, but I know many others will be inclined to desire such things. Good soundtracks have historically been a staple of extreme sports games, but I would wager in this day and age others would agree that Spotify will work just fine for that. Finally, and this one pretty much goes without saying... we want more maps, different obstacles and terrain, and ultimately level editing capabilities!  In conclusion, and although I was skeptical at first, I see great possibilities for Skater XL. The game is modern, real, enjoyable, and I think it stands on the foundation of a well built and progressive control scheme. If the developers listen to feedback and put in the work we may end up with the skateboarding game that real skaters have been waiting for.
a bit of a learning curve with the controls once you get the hang of it its a really fun skateboarding game
Hmmmmmm its good, not quite session good but good. £15 is very very steep for whats on offer at the moment so if your able to say ill take the gamble on this becoming a great game go for it, if not definately not worth the asking price in its current state.
Really great game so far. There is not much content atm but it's def worth it. Modding community is growing quick too. Much better than Session as well
Even though this game is $20 and it's also early access, I sense a lot of potential in this game! Possibly one of my favorite skate games in a long time! If you think the price is outrageous or it seems like a sham, I want you to buy it anyways. If you don't, like it, then go ahead and refund it, but I doubt that will be the case!
The devs are finally being active and updating the game. This is the best skateboarding game since Tony Hawk Pro Skater series died after the release of THPS5.  Here's a screenshot that will show you how good the game looks (/w reshade):  https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1636692912
So far I really do like this game, it takes a lot to learn tricks and therefore it's highly rewarding.  But in order to make a great game out of it, it still does take a bit. Number one would be a couple more tricks like Lateflips, perhaps Dark Slides or even Underflips etc. But way more important is a story campaign/career. Because just skateboarding may become boring at some point (and that so far for instance killed a skateboarding mobile game I used to love). There has to be a goal, may it be becoming a pro by making your own skate video, dressing up your character etc. If that is being added in the future this game may become totally awesome.  Conclusion: Everyone who used to love SKATE should definitely give it a try. And if the developers keep improving (and adding the features above) this may very well be a great buy!
Less than hours play, good game so far, nice to see a new creative control system being done, graphics are smoooooooth!, only real downfall is the fact for ££ its not worth it.However id recommend this game for those who want skate 4!
Really nice game, but my controller doesnt work anymore on my computer so i have to sell it :(
Pretty good investment if is say so myself... This game is already quite fun to play, but there is just a lack of content at this moment. I think you can see this game as a kind of kickstarter, the more players support this game (by buying it) the more polished it will be.
really good game nice graphics and realistic i hope new spots will come in the future
I've played this game for 8 hours now. The controls feel natural, even if the catch mechanic could be improved. It took some time to get comfortable using these controls. (about 30 minutes and you learn something new. even after 8 hours playing) I am as Skater in Real Life as well and I don't think the map is too small. (If you have fun trying many kinds of tricks at the same spot. (Its what we do in real life alle the time haha)) Anyways i would like to see the map improve by opening barriers or the gates which you can see in the map. Its not hard to develope. Probably takes about one hour to set some new rails etc. in these places which i talked about. (Or some Vert Ramp, which you can go Fakie back!) I would love to walk arround (just throw a simple animation in the game..)  It's possible to modify you character and you skateboard by now. Even I did it with Unity Assets. Why don't you just put in a characte customization with a few different shirt, Shoe colors. (Just different colors. You can add new Models later.) It would give the game a new feel and some more things you can do. It doesnt take long but it makes the game look a lot better.  Add a simple Menu or Settings. (Sound, Gamma, show FPS, ... just some simple things)  I would love to see a text which appears at the bottom left of the game, which does say what trick I just did. (Little Textbox with no more Information than that.)  Things to do in the Future:  -Add Statistics (How many times did I Ollie, ... while playing this Game?) (What trick I did the most)  - Make the map slightly bigger or make little new realistic places to go to. (Create HUGE open world map after Finishing the most important things in the Game.)  - Game Of Skate (Offline. Hand the controller to the next Player or something (NOT NECESSARY IF YOU CAN DO IT ONLINE LATER))  - CREATE A SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNT AND TELL US WHAT YOURE DOING (monthly or so)  - Replay Feature (Go back 30seconds or so and watch the footage again (Later: Make us Edit the footage!)) Skateboarding is all about Filming. I'd would love to see that. (just let us replay a few seconds)  - Different Animations (Capture 10 Different Animations for the Ollie,... So its different all the time.)  - Add Graffitti at the Walls!  - Drop Obstacles with an Menu (Mini Kicker, Mini Rail,...)  - Experience (learn tricks. I WOULD LOVE THAT!!!!!!!!)  Get better at something after you did it a lot of times (increase height,..... (Statistics System: Do Ollie 100Times to increase pop, chance of Landing the trick,...))  - Make the board Crack if landing wrong.   - ...   Thanks for reading!  I love to see more about this Game.
An amazing, very realistic skateboarding game with great potential, a must get of any hardcore EA Skate or THPS fan. 10/10
This game is definitely something that a lot of die hare SKATE fans have been waiting to see. Highly recommend for someone who has been itching to get that realistic skate feel in a video game. The controls are definitely challenging but it does not take long to get used to them and actually appreciate/enjoy the many new aspects these controls bring to the game. Initially, $20 does seem steep for just the LA Courthouse, but this developing team does seem promising and given the positive work they've already put into this game, there is most definitely more to come.
Having only played the game for an hour and a half or so, I highly recommend the game in its current form. I've probably logged thousands of hours into Skate 1, 2, and 3, with emphasis on 1 and 2 because I enjoy the realism that Skate 3 didn't offer. I've also street skated for 15+ years so I hope you can trust my review.   This game has enormous potential and I already see it outperforming EA once it gets polished. I got tired of playing Skate since I'd say I mastered it and could do any trick I imagined first try usually. Not so with this game which I love. It feels a lot more like a real skate session with the frustration that typically accompanies them. It took a bit to learn the controls and I still have a ways to go but I learned them well enough to do all of the basics in street skating within the first half hour. That being said, here's a list of things I enjoy and things I would suggest fixing or adding...  PROS: - Graphics are amazing. My middle-shelf gaming laptop runs this game very smoothly with no overheating issues so far.  - The creativity that this game and its controls allows is the thing that I believe will trump EA's franchise. The option to control both feet and catch tricks in various ways is great. Skateboarding is an art form, and the fact that this game allows you to do the same trick in so many subtly different ways is exactly what a skatebording game needs. With slight adjustments to animations on some of the flip tricks, it should be gold. The flip animations are amazing already which is not what I expected in early access. Keep it up! - Truck tweaking on grinds is so satisfying and something I wished EA would have added. I definitely expanded the first time I locked into a kickflip front crook.  - Fall animations aren't bad. Realistic for the most part. - Tricks feel a lot more rewarding than THPS or Skate games simply because they're much more challenging.  -  I love the team's plan to add famous west coast spots. Please consider spots like hollywood high, el toro, wallenberg, carlsbad, etc. And PLEASE make it as open world as you can manage. That's what EA's Skate nailed.   CONS or things to consider adding: -Add option to hop off board and run -Allow auto spawning near where you fell like in Skate instead of back at the spot marker. I often forgot to reposition the marker after skating across the map and had to go all the way back after falling.  -Grind physics are a  bit wonky. Keep center of gravity in mind and don't let someone tailslide a ledge when most or all of the weight is off of the ledge. I also found that boardsliding rails makes a truck grinding or ledge boardsliding noise. Please add railslide sound effect. -Don't be afraid to copy EA's Skate in certain ways (off board option, replay mode, etc.) -Multiplayer/co-op could be very fun. If you add multiplayer, don't restrict it to open servers. I can see it being cancerous. Allow private sessions with friends. Also, games of S.K.A.T.E. in this game could be much more fun and challenging than they were in Skate games.  -Add body movements when skater is in popping position. Currently looks too stiff. Also add a bit more arm movement when pushing around so I don't feel like Michael Cera on a skateboard.  -Add option to remove motion blur. I wasn't crazy about it. -Add powerslide options to slow down and same physics when doing tricks. E.g. What I loved about EA's Skate was finding the perfect pocket to be able to "skrrrrrt" during a tailslide 270 out. Please consider adding this effect for maximum oversteez.  -The "faster spin" controls don't feel right. I'm not sure if it would compromise the control settings as they are, but consider changing the last control step to ← ←  or → → instead of ← →. Feels more natural this way.   Apologies if some of these suggestions already exist and I just haven't found them.   TLDR: If you like realistic skateboarding games, buy this game. I can imagine that by the time they fully release next year, I won't want to play any other game. If you're a diehard THPS fanatic, you probably won't enjoy this.   Huge thanks to the dev team for picking up EA's slack! I'm very excited to see where you take this and am proud to be supporting you at this stage. 
Very good and realistic game most people say that the game dont work and crashes 90 percent of the time but thats because they are prob running a stock pc with old graphics you got to make sure your reading the pc requirements before disliking it for not working thats what i mostly saw about disliked comments but skater XL is easily the next new skating game, i believe it to be better than sessions and ive played the newest update with free flick and cant wait to see what this game come to be 
It's simple but suprasses my expectations going in. Feels like the Skate 4 we never got. Runs good and the controls are well thought out. Banger.
this game has massive potential and as its been stated the controls are not the best EA's Skate had the controls spot one maybe implementing them controls would be what everyone wants. still a good game to buy and pretty well optimised.
İyi yanları; - Güzel kaplamalar, render güzel alınmış. - Kaykay kontrolü çok güzel. - Lokasyon seçip düştükten sonra orada başlayabiliyoruz. Bir hareketi defalarca deneme fırsatı sunuyor.  Kötü yanları; - Karakterimizi özelleştiremiyoruz. - Kayağımızı özelleştiremiyoruz, değiştiremiyoruz. - Girişte bir menü vesaire yok. Direk olaya dalıyoruz. - Sadece 1 tane harita var. Tabi zamanla çoğalır. - Harita gerçekten küçük. Tamam gerçekten alınıyor ama insan küçücük alana hapis gibi hissediyor.  Tony Hawk serisini oynayan, Skate3 oynayan kardeşlerimiz kesinlikle bir şans vermeli. En azından zamanla gelişeceğini umut ediyorum.
Not alot of content at the moment more like a test build, but the gameplay is very fun only buy if you want to support the devs or if you know about the lack of content Do not buy if you are expecting a full game.
This is the best Skateboard Simulator hands down.  
Played for a couple of hours, the tricks are fairly easy to comprehend, the graphics are amazing. The gameplay is really smooth & if the Developers keep updating this game. I sh** you not, this'll top Skate 3 in no time. Absolutely worth the current money.
insanely fun game when you get used to the controls. Cant wait for the full game! Please fix the bug where you spin uncontrollably when doing big ollies/tricks
The last skateboarding game of any relevance to be released is skate 3. its uniqe controls, using right thumb stick to flip the board with consistant, skill and realism showed it does not need to be a tony hawk clone to be a great skateboarding game. That was in 2010. Fast forward 8 years we have yet to see a new fresh skateboarding game. till December 19th. Skate XL takes what skate 3 did so good and expanded them slightly. In skate 3 right analog stick controls board tricks. but skate XL use's both still in a fun and interesting way. Now this is where the Skate XL stops. Currenlty this game is in alpha so you control 1 charecter outside the Santa Monica courthouse where you can do a bunch of tricks and grind a bunch of shit. THIS GAME HAS MASSIVE POTENTIAL.  so now I am going to make alittle wishlist for EASY DAY STUDIOS.  WISHLIST:  1. uniqe missions/ challenges like from skate. not a story mode like tony hawk. 2. interesting enviornment. if its fictional don't care make it fun and full of life and shit I can grind. 3. character customization 4. fine toon the controlls. 5. multiplayer. 6. Don't add loot boxes I swear dont you fucking dare!  FINAL THOUGHTS:  DON'T FUCK THIS UP AND YOU WILL MAKE ALOT OF MONEY!
For a early access game I've enjoyed the hell out of it - it has great potential. I love the style, animations are absolutely gorgeous, love the gameplay and controls are pretty fun actually - I love the fact when you push down into a grind you can literally feel the impact of your board. I also think that's the only game where I can do a tre flip with front foot catch or do a sweet switch front heel - you can really attach some style to your skating.  As I mentioned, the game is still an early access game, it has it's issues and minor bugs but I haven't encounter anything special, the only gripe I have is that it has tendencies to freezing for a bit at the start, but it launches after minute or two - it isn't something very flawed but I thought sometimes that the game wouldn't launch at all, so that's that - nevertheless I'm really hyped for this game for all the reasons listed above.
Skate XL is a very good game for a game that is Early Access. Many games at the moment that is Early Access just feel rushed and just feel like cash grabs, but this game does not feel the same.  I don't like comparing this game to other skateboarding titles like Skate or Tony Hawk Pro Skate because those games are made my Tripple A gaming companies that have thousands to millions of dollars to spend on those games. So that comparison you will not see in this overview/review.  Worth the price?  I look at like this, yes the game is not very expensive but cheap as well not. But for what it is the game is great. But many complaints I have seen is the game only offers one map. Yes, this is kind of disappointing, but the thing that people do not realize is that well the game may not offer a lot of parks but, for that, it offers an amazing skateboard/player feeling. They put most if not all their time into being able to make the gamer feel like they have full control of the skateboard. This is what makes the game so great.  Controls  First, off you have your left and right stick, each stick is for one leg, then you use the left and right trigger to turn left and right. Now, this lets you do some interesting tricks because you can then chose if you want to catch the trick with your front foot or your back foot making some trick combos look very cool. As well that, it can get very useful when grinding because you can change the positions of the skateboard with the triggers but as well change the grind midway using the sticks to do tricks and such.   Modding  The game is moddable but its new at the moment meaning the creators need to get a hang of how the game works to great new parks and such, but we already have textures for new clothing and board arts.   How the game looks  The game looks great, the style of art is very nice and feels very fitting to the game.  Some of the negatives.    You are not able to get off your skateboard, the games still has bugs that sometimes can get annoying etc.  Gameplay  Here is a small edit I made to show off some of the creative things you can do in the game.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz5xG2Z4LA0  Final Verdict  If you have the money to spend and love skateboarding games, I think this is a must buy. The game has a lot of potentials.   
Siiiick
Best Skate game i have played, and once you get used to the controls it gets really fun. but to call it XL at the minute is a bit savage as the test area is so small. but i am sure this game is going to be amazing.
Best PC SKate game as of yet. This + Session 2019 is shaping up to be a good year for realistic fun skate games, at last.  Thank You Devs :-)
skate 3 is better as of right now but the feel of the game is amazing the fucking style in tricks is awesome. but wtf man 28 bucks for one map with unlimited glitches and bugs are you kidding me? this should be a free trial if anything.
This game so far is awesome. Coming from a skater/played all the THPS and SKATE games. this is hopefully gonna be a great start to a great game. just one thing...can you let us off the board...that is all
starting area too small / I'd like to see steam workshop added so we can have some chance to create our own objects to skate and provide to the community.  Some kind of Ansel Like skatepark object placer.   The physics and controls are there and solid. having alot of fun with that is offered in that department.   
Lots of potential, super enjoyable for anyone who knows skateboarding. Would reccomend, even in alpha / early-access it feels pretty good
Fun, and good controls but pretty lacking right now...wait to buy
awesome!
Smoothest skatboarding game i've ever played, better than skate 3 confirmed. 11/10 can't wait for multiplayer and full release!
If you skate in real life, just buy this game. If you want the best parts of EA Skate and Session in one, just buy this game.  Pros:  - Landing tricks is so satisfying. This is a realistic skateboarding game, not a tricklining game like tony hawk or EA skate on easy. It's fun comes from it being challenging, like skating in real life. Sometimes you can spend over 15 minutes trying to land exactly what you want, with the style you want, and as clean as you want. I would always play EA Skate on hardcore and I never had to fight to land a trick. The controls aren't simple and if you haven't played session yet it might take you some time to get the hang of it. But when you do, it just feels so right.   - Board feel is incredibly realistic. You can control the speed of your flips, catch them when and where you want, and even bone them. Shifting your feet into a grind or to finish a spin are reminiscent of the satisfying feelings of grinding in EA skate, but not as floaty and more true to real life physics. When grinding in session, you have to ollie onto a ledge and point the sticks in the direction of the grind, and the skater will go into the animation of the grind. However, in XL, you have to actually shift your board into the grind, and he'll naturally grind on it, like in EA skate.  - Animations are buttery smooth. My biggest complaint with the demo of session is that the animations, specifically for grinds, feel kind of choppy and inauthentic. You lock in to the grind too much and it doesn't feel natural. For the vast majority of the time, tricks in XL flow extremely well, and this is just early access.  - It is easy on the eyes. This game is fun to look at. The color palette gives me a skate 3 vibe and it's refreshing from the somewhat grimy look of session.   - It's cheap rn, this game is worth much more to me than $20. I would pay $40 for this demo alone, and now I am saving alot when this game is fully realesed.   Cons:  - Could be boring for someone who doesn't care about skating. I feel like EA skate is fun for anyone. It's easy to pick up, you can throw the right stick around and do absolutely insane shit. In this game though, you can't do that at all. If you don't know much about skating this game isn't gonna teach you anything. There's no trick meter telling you what trick you just did. I personally feel the reason I can spend hours in this game is because I can look at a ledge and say "ok kickflip back tail this" or look at a rail and say "ok I want to do a fs crook on this". If you don't really have that skateboarding knowledge it might not be very fun at all. To add to that, this is a demo with barely any content. It's in one map, and it's pretty small. The fun of it is in the feel of the game, and the freedom to do all the tricks you want with the added realistic challenge.  - There's a big learning curve, especially if you've never played EA skate or session. You have to control both your back and front foots with each stick, unlike skate where you control both with just the right stick. You have the option of turning with the left stick like in skate, or turning with the triggers like in session. You don't get magneted onto a ledge/rail, you have to ollie onto it at the right angle and speed. This is a pro for me, but some people don't care for it.  - Although smooth, some of the animations are kind of wonky. The pushing animation is awkward. When you do a low flip of any kind, it will rocket and look very amateur. Also, when you're holding out a flip, and catch it at a weird angle, your knees will bend in a very weird way and his bones will just completely break. One of the biggest problems with the grinding in this game is with ledges. When you ollie onto the middle of a ledge, there's a chance you will go into a grind without meaning to, and it'll look very strange as you slide on your wheels for no reason. Then, similar to skate's problems with feeble and smith grinds, if you dip them too much your ankles will look like they're snapped off and glued to the bolts. It's immersion breaking to see a smith grind with your back foot on the bolts and not on the tail. This only happens occasionaly though, but I notice it alot when I do something fakie or switch.  - The switch mechanic is a bit weird. The way session did it is definitely more natural. I don't like having to do everything literally backwards to do a switch trick. The way you do a trick fakie should actually be how you do a trick switch, and vice versa. Stances are permanent and you have to hit select to switch from regular to goofy. You can't do reverts or powerslides either but I'm sure this will be added eventually.  Overall  A contender for one of the best skateboarding video games I've ever played. Feels realistic and natural. I have alot of nitpicking complaints but that's because it's early access and I want this game to succeed. Didn't hesitate to buy this game and neither should you if you love skateboarding. 
Xbox one controller is not working for me. Wont let me enter the game by pressing "A" I even entered the keyboard command with no luck. The controller works in all other games. I restarted my computer & updated. Uninstalled the game twice Tried verious other usb ports 2.0 & 3.0. Ran the game in different resolutions & graphic settings & nothing. Seems to be working fine for all you guys, I'm just bummed I can't seem to get this to work...  UPDATE: I unplugged my keyboard & then it finally worked. Don't know why this would be an issue it's a corrsair k60, but whatever. Anyway, after playing this game for about an hour I have to sayI like it, it needs a lot of work. It doesn't even have an exit game menu or settings at all for that matter You aren't  to pick your stance in the beging is kinda a big deal. If you skate goofy which in this game would be "switch" the default dude you get is regular, but if you skate goofy it's inverted and hard to get used to. I played in regular stance even though I skate goofy because that was easier to get the hang of the controls.  Also please add a pick up the board function. If I'm wrong about any of this stuff I'm sorry the game isn't clear on what you can do most the time, I just had to start pressing buttons to see how to place a session marker & such.  Having this unfinished of a game and charging 20 bucks is boarderline bad.  I look forward to seeing this progress & I hope they keep going even though they already have our money.  I'll recomend this game just because we really need one & these dudes seem to get that.  So please make this game good
Absolutely stunning. this game may very well revive the skateboarding genre. I am very excited to see where this game goes!! Please keep in mind this is early access so don't expect a full game. While the game is currently just a small map, i see this more as an early taste of the game and an opportunity support the devs in making what skateboarding-game fans have been waiting for.  The controls take a bit to fully understand but don't let that turn you off. like real skating, keep practicing and it'll click. once you got it down you'll be skating like a pro and stunning yourself with sick tricks.  it really is rewarding once you fully understand it so keep skating!  
Starting off making something very clear, it's not a game, at least not at this state, it's more like a demo for the mechanics for the future game. The graphics are good, and the controls feel good. It's very enjoyable to play, but as it is just an early acess it still lacks content. If you're willing to give 20 bucks to support the game, go ahead. If you're looking for a finished game of skate, this is not it. Right now buying this game is more like an investment, you help the studio create the game you both want, but it's a risky deal because some devs just don't finish projects, so you just have to hope this is not one of them. This team already launched "Skater" for mobile, and they did a good job at improving the game, so if you wanna know my 2 cents: I really feel this can be the next thing, and a very big competitor for Session, and I think the devs are going to work on this, and make the Skate game we all deserve and need.
This game is quite incredible. It has the feel of Session with the ease of the Skate series. Smooth physics system, coupled with lovely graphics makes an experience that isn't like any other skating game I've played so far. With more to come. HIGHLY RECCOMMEND! ALSO...MODS,MODS,MODS!!!
Oh man, forget skate 4. I'm done waiting and hoping. I'm very hopeful for this game. Definitely feels beta, but they are on the right track.
Still needs a lot of work but that expected of an early access game. It for sure has a lot of potential though. i had fun learning the controlls and reanacting famous tricks on the courthouse stage.
This is honestly a great game already. Turning in the air using triggers is different but something that I personally can adapt to after playing skate 3 for so long. For how odd the controls feel, it's actually very fluid. Also, the way thumbsticks are individually used as left/right foot is very intuitive and better in the long run for adding foot specific tricks like ollie north & south, late flip variations, style etc.  Even with the bare controls as they are now, there's a ton of potential with the complexity of this game and how much can be integrated into the controls so that anyone, especially genuine skaters can land something and feel really accomplished.  For example I spent a good 20 mins trying to get a decent hardflip bs smith, and once it actually went down it almost felt like I'd learned a trick myself, it was a really great thing.  If people can enjoy a game that's in such early access as this, it definitely has room to grow and evolve into one of the best skating games there is. But in the meantime I'll keep skating the courtyard till more changes come. Good game
10/10 cant mongo push
love it if your a fan of skate this is worth the money
Love it! Looking forwrad to the future of this game!
Okay so this game has a lot of potential but it still needs quite a bit of work. There's only one playable map right now and it gets pretty bland pretty quick unless you use your imagination and make the best of each little spot. I feel like this game with the controls they are going for limit it's accessability. They are challenging to get a grasp on at first but after a bit of playing around they tend to make more sense. Each thumbstick is essentially your left and right foot. The reason I say the controls limit it's accessability is because for people who might not have ever skated it can be somewhat challenging to figure out how to pull off certain tricks. The motions you make with the joystick are somewhat similar to the motions you would make on a real board. That being said, they are super clunky right now. You may just be trying to turn and cruise through some obstacle and find yourself nollie tre flipping out of nowhere.   There's not currently a menu other than the list of move tutorials so to exit the game you literally have to alt+tab out. I'm sure that will come with time. Maybe with some more interesting maps and fine tuning the controls this game could be a huge hit for any skateboarding fan. Especially with custom skaters and multiplayer down the road. It's worth $20 if you like to invest (gamble) in a game before it's finished. Just hope it doesn't crash and burn.
ssbsts
I played (and still play) a lot of Skater on my iPhone, so seeing the dev team taking a crack at another skateboarding game on PC made the purchase an easy one for me.  Just like Skater on mobile, the controls will take some time to get used to.  They are somewhat like the Skate game controls where you flick the sticks, but think of each stick acting as each of your legs.    Currently there isn't a lot of content - one spot to be exact, and I do think in its current state it would be hard for a lot of people to justify $20, but if you love skateboarding games, this is something to keep your eye on. It is A LOT OF FUN.
great game, plz, continue the good job
This game has so much potentile but at the moment its more like an expensive demo....its fun but after a few hours of doing the same gaps and tricks over and over again it kinda got boring i cant wait for more maps....id love to see like a create a skater or a park builder or even multiplayer i still dig this game and i love it but.....i dont know how to feel at this point its fun and looks nice the game is smooth kinda shame there is no story of such but thats fine the map even for the early accses is a bit small there are a bunch of areas people could see that you could go like a parking lot and a street....you guys are doing an awesme job so keep it up :), also i feel like your character design was made with make human ;)
Loving this game, especially the new controller mechanics, but just a few points  [h1]Controls and Tricks[/h1]  * Controls still feel a bit wonky, especially turning with the triggers. After so many games it is hard to get used to turning the character with anything other than the joysticks, and turning with triggers does not seem intuitive nor does it feel comfortable. Maybe the team should look into implementing turning with the joystick controls somehow without interfering with the current mechanics.  * Should be able to flip the board much faster the harder I flick the joystick.  * Many more common skate tricks would be nice-to-haves, such as bluntslides, reverts and powerslides (olling into powerslides would be particularly cool), grabs and transition tricks (axel stalls, blunt to fakies, bigspin disasters, and everyting in between), no complies and variations, bonelesses, pole jams, impossibles, late flips  * Would be nice to add some randomization to the flip trick outcome so that you land primo every once in  a while  [h1]General Gameplay and In-Game Activities[/h1]  * Would be very useful if we could get off the board and walk around.  * Somebody mentioned this, but being able to break the board would be a huge plus for a skate game.  * Following up on the above, it would also be great if after breaking boards we were somehow obliged to obtain a new one by either buying or going into some sort of personal inventory.  * Following up on the above again, although a bit on the superficial side, allowing players to manually set up a board (i.e. implementing board building mechanics) would be pretty cool  * I believe much of the success of the EA Skate franchise was very much due to the fact that it was an open world game. Making this game open world would probably set it up to top the EA Skate franchise.  * Some sort of career mode where you could go through the gamut of company sponsorships, road trips, video shoots, competitions, etc. that often characterize skateboarding.  * Maybe aside from, or to complement the career system, the game could use some sort of leveling system where leveling up unlocks certain achievements, such as the ability to create custom boards and shoes that you could sell on an online marketplace, or in-game (but not for real money), the ability to participate in certain competitions, etc.  * A custom skatepark editor would be awesome, but definately a more replete experience if we are first forced to buy some sort of property (like a warehouse or suburban home) where we could then build a park with materials or prefabbed ramps and rails that we also have to buy.  * Should be able to move any non-grounded object around to create new skate experiences.  [h1]Characters[/h1]  * Character customization goes without saying  * Better bail animations (with the ability to turn ragdoll physics back on because it looks funny)  * Keeping the game interesting and relevant would probably involve releasing DLC downloads for new characters based on who the top skaters in the world are at the moment, since skateboarding is seeing an insurgence of newcomers and underdogs  [h1]Bugs[/h1]  * Seeing some noticeable bugs in terms of collisions (sometimes the player or board flies off sporadically after hitting something) and grinds (sometimes ledge grinds occur in the middle of the ledge, instead of on an edge)
first actual realistic pc skate game
ive been skating for 7 years and im a religious player of skate 3 id like to say that after playing this game it has a very realistic feel to it with just a few drawbacks id like to point out in hopes the developers will see this. The ollie mechanism gets a little janky if your stick is moved even the slightest to either side causing it to do a pop shuv id like to have those two tricks be a little less sensitive cause any time i try to do a shuv on purpose it turns into a 360 shuv also mannys dont regester very well and are hard to get into. the ledges tend to get a little glitchy when doing tricks on them and id also like the ledges to sort of draw the player into grinds instead of constantly having to be at an angle to them. and the last thing is that the turning should be a bit faster when doing 180s because in its current state it is hard to completely turn them. other than that this game has potential to be the best skateboard game on the market with just a few minor adjustments i recommend that anyone who plays the skate games to get this game
Once you've purged the Skate series from your finger/thumb muscle memory it starts to make a lot of sense and is actually a lot of fun to play, a whole lot more fun than the Session demo. Sure, there is very, very little content at the moment, and that might bother some, but the potential is huge and I can't see these guys failing to deliver.
Amazing game for just a start and already getting hours of fun with easy learning curves.
This is fantastic, as of right now there isn't much content but from what I've seen this game is looking good. It also looks like the devs will be supporting this game which is great. The potential this game has is crazy high, and at this price (in early access) it might just be a steal. There is a market for a skating game and I hope the devs really work the make this amazing.   Future content I would like to see: Multiplayer: I would love to be able to skate with friends or randoms online, the game has hilarious ragdoll physics and I hope its not adjusted or fixed. It would be hilarious seeing other players falling in funny ways.  Customisation: Create your own character (male or female). Various types of clothing, shoes, hats and accessories. Customise your board, griptape, wheels and trucks. I hope this game avoids microtransactions considering players did purchase the game, so we shouldn't have to pay for cosmetics.  Walking: I feel like it would be easier to walk in certain situations rather than being stuck to skating everywhere.  Camera: The camera is stuck in one direction, and you can't look around you can only see to the left and the right of the character. A few times I've been stuck facing a wall and had to reset, but it would be easier to just turn the camera.   Maps: More maps and bigger maps or open world. I would love if this was open world and being able to skate or fast travel to different street or park locations. However, if the game is not open world I have no problem with that, as long as there are various street and park, indoor and outdoor spots with a good size. Seeing as the game is set in LA, I'm excited to see various spots from the area.   Brands: I would love to see real skate brands featured in the game. These skate brands could be losing out on being featured in an amazing game. Having their products in this game would be so awesome, and I hope they pull the trigger on partnering with the devs to include their products.   In conclusion, I have high hopes for this game, the sky is the limit. Reading what the devs have said, it seems like they have big plans too. If the do things right, they may set themselves up in the top spot in a market with no other competitors.
If You Sayin This Game Aint Worth The $20 Bill. You Either Ain't Got $20 Or You Don't Know How To Skate.  This Game Is Damn Delishish. Don't @ Us.
yeah yeah,..people always complaining about the price,..its early access,...dont buy it if you dont believe in it,...after the first minutes i realised this game is going to be it,..the game most EAskate fans always wanted,..of course it is in an early stage of development but i believe it is going to be super f-ing awesome, the controls and everything are something special. the way you can catch every single trick differnet is just insane, it gives you a whole new way of skating the spots and making just a single kickflip special. of course there are some bugs and of course there is just a small area you can skate but for the begining thats all you need, believe me. and i rather invenst my money  in the early stage and try to help the developers to get there where they want to be instead of waiting till the game is finished. i highly recommend this game for every skateboarder and for everyone who likes the wooden planks even just on a screen =) peace out, keep on rollin!
I have been looking for a "Skate" Game for pc since 1856 and this game has a lot of good potential. -It runs smoooooooooth. -Løøøv it
About an hour into it now, I was a little dubious about paying for an early access but honestly if you're a skateboarder like me, get it. The control scheme makes way more sense than skate.
Purchased the game after seeing a demo of it on youtube, totally worth the money and a great way to support the developer to continue working on the game. There's only one small environment to skate in, but that didn't take away from the fun because of the great feeling and tactile sensation you get from landing tricks especially grinds and nose slides on ledges. The developer has nailed the feeling of reward when landing basic tricks clean. The game has session markers like Skate so you can try a line for hours until you perfect it. Really liking the game so far, I have played Skate 3 to death and I also tried Session, but I'm enjoying this game more right now. I find the controls in this game much easier to use than in Session. Looking forward to seeing more updates for this game, really enjoying the game in this early stage.
Well this has massive room to grow, two stick foot control is insane,  the only thing i could suggest is making the  RT/LT more sensitive, it takes awhile to get a 180 going  And add some more music throughout the play session, the intro music was so good.
Skater XL delivers a solid skateboarding experience similar to the EA Skate series, which is something that I have wanted for a very long time now considering Skate 3 was the last great game with these kind of mechanics. Although it is a solid game, it definetely needs more time, not only to fix the bugs within the game, but to add more content and depth to the game itself. I'm not saying that you shouldn't buy this. In fact, you should buy this, especially if you were a fan of the EA Skate games! Despite the small size of the single level that is in this game, I found myself to be immediately attached to the skating mechanics alone (The fact that you have the ability to hippy flip through railings being one of them, which is something you can't do in Skate 3, well done :D ).  Specific things that may have already been pointed out, but that I would like fixed are; - Bumping even the tiniest things at low speed will make your character fall off his board - when teleporting back to your respawn marker, it changes the stance of your player between regular and goofy, which sometimes threw me off when I was going to do a trick because each stick control a foot on the board, so i would be confused when my character wouldnt prepare for a trick when i held one of the individual sticks down. I would just give the player the option to choose their default stance upon respawning and when they first start the game - the fact that you can't turn on the board when you're preparing to do a trick, making it mandatory for me to get my board facing the exact position when I want to do my trick instead of having the option to make small turning adjustments before executing a trick. - some of the grass areas in the level act like concrete and asphalt, which doesn't slow the player down when skating on these surfaces like it should.  In conclusion, I really hope this game does well and that this game gets consistent updates, more levels, and has its mechanics and bugs fixed. This has potential to be a great game! 
Crispy controls. Believable physics. A skateboarding game aimed at the purists. As people have mentioned, the 20$ price tag is steep considering the lack of terrain and other content. But personally, I feel that 20$ is a fair price for such a well-crafted simulation. I hope the devs continue to develop this into the excellent skate game that it could be. I have nothing else to add but wanted to throw a positive review up to support the devs.  Also, to post my list of things that are currently absent but I hope make it into the game: - Tranny skating - No complys / Bonelesses - Grabs - Powerslides - Wallrides - Wallies
The game need more ramps, Please
This is definitely good work for a game that came seemingly out of nowhere, now that Microsoft will ruin Session for everyone, i'm glad to put my money here. This is way less buggy than session, but the generic controllers can have issues with the popping system. My wireless xbox knockoff controller will just pop immediately and the skater will never crouch, luckily i have a wired ps3 type controller that doesn't have this issue. Also, devs, could you open the doors to the building with the 3 stair in front, even just add a blank room so i can do dumb stuff on the rails and down+ up the stairs? I'm surprised how not buggy this is. Like it's buggy but it doesn't just randomly kill itself like session. Great work, here's hoping this keeps being updated and becomes a full price game (story modes dont really matter, look at what is keeping Tony Hawks Underground 2 alive on pc, it's the cool places to skate and the challenges etc, multiplayer would be awesome too but this is a very early game and it's very nice for how early it is)
Potentially great. Controller scheme is a little buggy. Collision mechanics/engine needs to be tweaked. But, once you figure out how to nollie kickflip, you'll end up having a lot more fun. Please don't give up on this. It's great.
An amazing game, unfortunately not much to do as of right now, however I imagine they will be adding a lot more to the game before full release.  Graphics: 9/10  Controls: 10/10  Gameplay: 8/10  Story: (NONE)  Optimisation: 6/10 (needs work)  If u are looking for a good skating game for the winter holidays I'd suggest it, large learning curve but amazing and unique. No other game gives you as much control over your skating as this game does. I would recommend if you have the spare money for it.  Can't wait for the full release
This game is a skateboarding sim.  It is almost like a mixture between session and skate controls, I have had fun learning them so far and being a Skate 3 vet (1,000+ hours) the controls have started to come to me pretty quickly but the controls are not easy to understand at first.  Highly recommend this game if you are a skateboarding fan and enjoy simulation style games.  Very excited for the future of this one.
Ya'll like spaghetti? because this game has it. no option to pick your stance and every time you reset your spot youre in a different stance. very cool feature because you now forgot what stick you use to pop those sick kickflips. BACK TO THE SPAGHETTI! Hit a wall? Spaghetti. Ragdoll right out the map. Want to get off your board to get up some stairs? No way. better         figure out how to ollie up them and hope you dont fall and respawn on the other side of the map. It's like skate 4 but without any good controls or options. I give this game a perfect 5 out of 7.
Okay, this needs work. Feels like a 10 year old demo at the moment.   The dynamics aren't great, the map is awful, graphics really aren't good either.   Fun though!  
   I've been obsessed with the Skate franchise since its inception. After succumbing to the grueling fact that EA didn't have a sequel planned for the current consoles, I started hoping for another developer to tackle such a task. Enter blindly Skater XL, a game nobody saw coming and dazzled fans with its crisp-looking teaser video. I stayed up eagerly to download the game, nodding out at my desk in the wee hours of the night. My first reaction to the $20 price tag was mixed. Twenty bucks for a demo? Well, they need funding to make the game better. But just one limited area? FUNDING!! I didn't stay up for nothing, so shut up and take my money.     Controls are one thumbstick per foot - interesting concept. Certainly not bad, but coming from a person who still plays Skate3 religiously, it's definitely challenging to get used to this method. In a sense, it's almost worse that you CAN use Skate controls to get away with doing tricks, in that it invites you to go with what you already know instead of fully grasping the new technique. Once you get it down, the harder flip tricks are the easiest to do. Spinning at this point has to be my second biggest gripe, as I can tre flip nosegrind nollie tre out on a handrail like it's nothing, but a kickflip back tail on a ledge seems impossible. And forget any thought of throwing a steezy backside flip down stairs, unless you enjoy forward (dolphin for you youngins) flips that look like impending doom via credit card. The feel of turning with triggers pales in comparison to thumbsticks, and yes you can use the sticks to turn, but that's ignoring the correct methodology. You will also notice funky landings down things if you try to straighten yourself out last second with the sticks. Not my favorite.     My biggest gripe thus far would be the bails. First, going back to the session marker after every fall is annoying, even in such a finite area. Also, this dude falls at the drop of a hat. This is very annoying. Skim a ledge? Bail. Hand hit a light pole? Bail. Turn aggressively? Bail. Push off? Bail. Return to session marker? Bail. Pause the game? You guessed it. I really hope they are looking into the ability to get off the board. I do like that it's not possible in the demo because it forces you to learn and get better - you can't access the double set without a couple ollies up it first (or nollie tre's for you fancy folks).     Gripe #3: Have grabs gone extinct? Late flips, no complies, bonelesses, finger flips, under flips, etc. are also nonexistent, and to be quite honest, I don't know how they can incorporate all that into their controls.     Overall, I see a lot of potential in this game, especially if the developers can address the key issues holding it back. The flips look nice (especially with one-foot catches), crooked grinds have that realistic 'pinch' to them which skaters are drooling over, the overall motions and physics of skateboarding are beautifully defined and will only become better, using both sticks for high ollies and other tricks seems a little too high (nollie lasers a foot over jersey barriers), and getting into grinds doesn't feel assisted - you have to earn it. I will continue dissecting the game as much as possible during its trial, and hope there is enough support to take this game to the next level.  
Its a good skate game, and finaly, a skate game for PC. It has a lot of potentiall, and a lot of feeling.  the Map is small, and the trick register is not that much. Its an early access, so you cant expect much.
Lots of potential.  I dont think steering with triggers is a good idea. Very uncomfortable trying to steer and line yourself up to something, then reset your hands to use both sticks to do a trick. Left stick and right stick are left and right feet which is cool because you can do some stylish stuff. 20$ is a bit much. Has as much content as the free Session demo. Hoping to see some longterm plans from DEVs as to expanding current level or adding others, characters & board customization, maybe missons or storyline.
Most realistic skateboarding game ever. This is what Skate should have been. It uses the same idea of using the sticks to pop tricks but in a way a real skateboarder can appreciate. Each stick controls the corresponding foot ie. the left stick controls the left foot and right stick the right foot. I think one of my favorite aspects of this game is how you can do a body varial over your board while its spinning. Whereas other games made it seem like the board was attached to the bottom of your feet with invisible wires when you spun. Despite there only being the one area at the moment, i feel like this game has great potential! I am very much looking forward to updates and seeing what else Skater XL can bring to the table. Get in now before the devs realize what they have here at up the price!
This is what I've been waiting for, finally a good skate game on PC. 21:9 Support and mods. Hope the community or the devs start rolling some maps because the one we got feels small.
Obviously a long way to go but looking promising so far can't wait to see what they do with it glad to support a real skateboarding game.
Fun, but it is very early in development. Hopefully they release new places and new tricks in the future :)  Would recommend
Alright so i understand the investment of the £15 price tag, however i feel like £10 would be a more reasonable price for the current state of the game. Don't get me wrong, I've definitely enjoyed the last 2 hrs of gameplay, it's a little buggy which is to be expected but it's definitely more stable than the session dev build if anyone has played that.   anyways, if you've been waiting for skate 4 like everyone else, this will help you forget about that (plus you can front foot catch tre flips so i don't know what to tell you).  Stuff I hope to see in a future update: - a start menu - ability to get off board and walk around - improved game stability - custom graphics settings 
really have fun with this game but add some "body slam" sound effect plss...
WOW. This game got a solid base. play it for 4hrs, super fun, and addictive gameplay. for a first release its very well done. Love the genies R3 and L3 catch mechanic, they nail it with that feature. Super smooth trick transition. Needs work on the grind and the spinning is a little slower. Will keep an eye on this game.
If you played any of the EA Skate games in the past and have been waiting for another skateboarding game  you're in luck. Skater XL while very early access has great potential. The controls take some time to get used to but are rewarding i like everything about the controls except for the turning being controlled by the triggers. The graphics look good even on my potato computer(nvidia gtx 750) and i get good frames. The gameplay is fun and has a solid foundation to build from.  As early the build of this game is,it's in my opinion already much better then the playable demo for Sessions. It looks better, runs better and is much more fun. However the controls need a bit of tuning as the controls for Sessions are admittingly very solid and more precise.  The future looks bright for both games and i'm glad that skateboarding is finally on pc. Keep up the good work as the devs knowledge of skateboarding and love for gaming shows in this early access title.  In conclusion, if you want a complete skateboarding game for 19.99 this won't do it for you as it's very barebones at the moment, but if you want part in an early access title with great potential and are a fan of skateboarding then you simply need this game in your collection!
Hectic
Well, First of all. Thank you for making a skate game. I mean it's been almost 9 years without a decent skateboard game !  This "review" is subject to change in the future (hopefuly)  My Pros:  -Beautiful graphics -Game mechanism -"Realistic" -Xbox One Controler works fine -Very few bugs ( Iexpected more)  My Cons:  -No actual Pause menu -No Vsync/No Frame Lock -Lack of space (Obviously it's been only 24 hours since the release) -No Multiplayer  I was very exited for this game, i mean i was refreshign the page from 1am until it was released at 3:05am just to buy and install.  Thank you Easy Day Studios Pty Ltd ! I hope to see some beautiful updates soon ! 
Bit of a learning curve and only one spot at the moment but definitely worth it in the long run. I'm looking forward to the future of this game for sure! It's been a long time coming for pc.
20 year skater here. Been loving my time with the session demo but the animation in it are certainly lacking. It was nice to see a new game release with such polish and I feel obliged to support the development. The controls in this game are not nearly as tight or intuitive as session for flip tricks. Although I think this game has got a really good approach to grinds. They really raised the difficulty level for grinds and manuals which a appreciate. The first level is pretty boring, but it is a good place to learn and the graphics look pretty good.  Just like session this game has a loooonnnnng way to go BUT I think it has all the potential in the world.
For the early access price it isn’t worth $20 as it’s mainly just a demo $5 would have been more realistic for the state the game is in currently, but I knew that it was gonna be one park and little gameplay as it’s still being worked on. I trust the devs hence why I still threw the $20 their way.  Things I would like to see:  • Open world gameplay • Being able to get off your board • Skate 3 controls option (if you don’t wish to use triggers and left stick) • Multiplayer (Spot Battle, S.K.A.T.E and etc) • Story Mode • Park Creator/Character Editor • Higher FPS Cap instead of 60 being the limit • Naturally work on the slight glitches with the animations • Filmer mode (Record skate gameplay with different angles and etc)  A lot of these naturally are in the Skate games but these were the important features that were most appreciated, so I’m really hoping the devs are using the Skate games as a guideline.
from a production point of view, $20 is a pretty decent "investment" for the game considering how malleable it is for style and gameplay. when people tend to look at a game, they seek quantity and often overlook the quality of the early access product. the game is quite fun in my opinion and has provided me with many "oh s***" moments already with how much fun it can be. definitely not for the casual gamer and probably more geared to the hardcore skater with injuries, which i am one.  2.5 weeks in -   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPRafjmNouI&feature=youtu.be
Mega Early in development, pretty much all the work has gone into the character controlls so far which is done very well, and lets be honest is 90% of a good skating game. Modders have already started filling out content, lots of fun to have here if you aren't expecting Tony Hawk.  Game doesn't tell you how good you are doing, just good ole fashioned skating for fun like pappy used to do.
Its been a while since a Skate game has came out, especially on PC. This game is incredible, you can steeze the fuck out of your tricks, you can have your own style, and skate how you would want to skate. Physics and controls are crazy but once yoiu get the hang of things the trends are then just starting. I am going to compare this game to real life and as I said before, you can play the game how you would skate or want to skate; the biggest and best feature in the game as of right now is being able to one foot catch your tricks. As I like to stank my tre's IRL, this game is perfect and will definitley suit any skaters needs.
I think what this game does best, even in such an ealry state, is the trial and error that comes with real skate boarding. I always felt EA Skate was effortless that's not a bad thing but I feel a similar sense of accomplisment when figuring out a line in Skater XL that I feel when actually skating.   The price is obviously a point of contention but I'm happy with what I've seen so far and am willing to invest in the future product.
This game is a perfect skate sim currently made. I beg You developers don’t just get the money and leave it! Bring it to the end please!!! Don’t do it the same way as many devs do with their early-access childs  10/10
WOW!!!! THEY DID IT!!!! THIS!! THIIISSSSSS!!!!!! IS THE INNOVATIVE CONTROL FORMAT WEE NEED FOR SKATEBOARDING GAMES OF THE FUTURE!!! VERY REWARDING LEARNING CURVE< YOU CAN TWEAK YOUR FLIPS IN ANY SPEED OR DIRECTION YOU WANT WITH YOUR OWN TRUE STYLE!! YOU CAN EVEN CATCH THE DECK DURING A FLIP WITH EITHER YOUR FRONT OR REAR FOOT!!!! MORE REALISTIC THEN SKATE 3!!! Once you learn how to do the things you want in the way you want, its the greatest feeling in the world, trucks bend to the crooked grinds, slides feel buttery and flips out of grinds even better< oh my sweet lord i cannot reccomend this enough, please, just please buy this. WOOOWWW!!!!!!!!
Please realize that this is NOT SKATE. This is a realistic skateboarding simulator and it's awesome. A bit buggy of course, but there is so much potential here. The only problem I have with this game is when you skate switch/fakie, the controls should be the exact mirror of skating regular. Like if you want to switch heelflip, you SHOULD hold down on the left joystick, and pop the right joystick to the left. Instead, you hold the left joystick up and pop the right joystick to the right. It would be much more intuitive to have the joysticks mirror what your feet do when skating switch/fakie, just like how it works when skating regular. Other than that, if you skateboard in real life you will for sure love this game. Can't wait to see how it evolves.
**Note this game is still in Early-release (beta)** Overall from the hour and half that I have played I can say that I enjoyed the gameplay. The controls are somewhat similar to Skate, however the left and right stick are responsible for controling leg movement, providing a more realistic Skateboarding expierence. Grinds/slides feel satisfying, and so do flip tricks. As of right now there is only on closed map that you are able to skate but with time I expect to see more maps or an open world to be developed as well as multiplayer, and steam workshop support. I belive this game has unlimited potential.   There are a few cons as of right now, it is a bit buggy, but it is still not fully released. You can not get off your board to move around.
As someone who put a lot of hours into Skate 3 this is the game that COULD become the next skating game. The controllers are weird at first but it's understandle because that is how it feels to skate in real life. So far we only have one level, but if the game grows I will strongly recommend it to anyone who wants to play a skating game on PC. I hope that the devs will work hard on updating and making this game great to play more of. Currently I love the game and want more to mess around with.
This game has serious potential. There is limited content at the time of this review but it is still early in development. The important thing is that the underlying mechanics and graphics are great. For fans of the Skate series, or people looking for a skateboarding sim - definitely consider supporting the development by purchasing this early. Otherwise, come back in a few months or so and see if much new content has been added (a new area especially).  There is already a strong modding community with plenty of custom decks and clothes to customize. Also, gameplay tweaks and new features such as slow mo have already been added, plus free camera filming also. New maps are potentially moddable so there is a lot to be excited about already!
10/10 gameplay seems promising
Great game for early access. I really hope an update comes soon though and we can play more spots and locations!
Solid foundation to build on. The controls are satisying once you figure them out. Not much content and the physics is still pretty buggy, hopefully the devs will update it frequently.
yes
Shut up and take my money! #Skate4
I started this game and the next 4 hours just breezed by. Yes, it lacks content and feels like a demo. But with the promise of more to come, I almost appreciate the fact I can continue to pop back in with updates. I still plan on playing more and more, even with it's sole location. The mechanics of this game are so great and actually improve upon the Skate scheme. Highly recommend.   Here's some gameplay from my first time playing:  https://youtu.be/DnuXw8tddOI
HAS SO MUCH POTENTIAL. The controls are a bit wonky and you can't really choose whether to skate goofy or regular explicitly. I know a lot of people are saying it's not worth the 20 dollars, but I say they are wrong. Yes there is not a lot of content, but this is an investment. Very fun game once you get the hang of it and I hope that this goes some where. Please don't let this become vaporware.
Please cont
Very fun game. Still obviously in development, but I have been looking for a game like this for some time. If you loved the Skate series and want a game that's challenging, but still fun, this could be the game for you. I am very excited to see what content gets added over time.
OMG, I'M LEARNING FLAT GROUND TRICKS AGAIN, BUT IN A VIDEO GAME! 10/10
just buy
There's not much to play right now, but I'm happy to support any dev trying to fill the hole Skate or THPS left.  I find the idea of separating the left and right feet on two joysticks to be interesting but flawed. EX: I find myself in an endless loop of kickflips when I'm simply trying to turn left or right. I honestly prefer the Skate control style, but I'm willing to compromise.   I'd recommend the game to anyone who loved the Skate franchise, but I couldn't recommend it to a newcomer at this time.
This game is INSANE.  After endless hours of skate 2/3 and also session i can say this game is next level. The controls feel so natural and the physics are super stylish . i always was hoping for a skate 4 release but now i don't even care anymore. love the level aswell , hope we get more legendary spots like this.  Big up to the developers. 
This game is amazing! Also El Toro 20, Hollywood High 12 & 16, Carlsbad gap, Recon 4 block, Wilshire 15, and Wallenberg 4 block maps would make this game soooo much better!
Alright although I do prefer skate's flicking mechanics more, this game still has a really fun and interactive flicking system somewhat similar to skate's. This game could be great but it needs ALOT of work. The mechanics are pretty smooth for the most part. Definitely need a get off your board function. This biggest flaw with this game so far is the basic boring map. Theres one like foot and a half ledge? There are some nice rails and a okay set of stairs but its mostly flat land with like 2 reskateable spots. I havent purchased a game on lease sense Dark Souls 3. Please dont dissapoint us we have been waiting for a good skating game sense skate 3.
at first i hated this game was confused on the controls and it all just felt weird, doesnt really help there isn't a tutourial. once i figured out how it all worked with how the left stick moves the left foot and the right stick moves the right foot the game became more clear to play and a lot more fun. the game is slightly challenging trying to use both joy sticks and the left and right triggers to turn but once you get comfortable with it you get a more realistic feel making this game more fun and landing a trick or a line is all that much more rewarding this way.  its a bit pricey for $28 AUS just yet but in future this game has major potential to be a great game even greater then the "SAKTE" franchise.
So far this game is pretty awesome! Finally a modern skate game on PC. Controls are intuitive, graphics are great. Still a work in progress, but I am glad to help support the development of a skateboarding game. Can't wait to see what the devs have in store!
I do recommmend this game but it's utter garbage where its at.  There is no reason for this game to availble to the public yet. It's not even at tech demo stage IMO.  If they work on it, then i'll buy it again.  But this is just robbery for 20 bucks.
its like sessions but better animations an alittle more refined.  I like it.  Cant wait for more maps an more customiziblity if it ever comes.
Don't usually leave reviews, but wanted to leave one for this. This game has a long way to come, but the core mechanics are fantastic. The control you have over your feet and the board are insane and provides a lot of opportunity for technical tricks and adding your own personal style. I just spent 30 minutes with a bud playing a game of skate where we had to sit and think about how we were going to do each trick, and we were only doing flatland. It will certainly take some getting used to, but the skill ceiling seems extremely high and will only get higher as new content is added. Looking forward to seeing where this goes.
Hands Down one of the best if not the best skating game i've played!!, can't wait to see what the future holds. I only recommend it if you skate in real life because it will be quite a steep learning curve for people who don't skate. I read reviews that say "I can't grind and this game is terrible" and all that jazz but it's all because they don't understand the point ofthe game.  If you looking for something like skate 3,2,1, then this is not for you, this is pure skateboarding at its best. Big Ups  to the developers for making this.  Gameplay : 10/10 Graphics : 8/10 Price 10/10 ( Worth every penny )
Super stoked on this one. Good controls, cool animations and so much future potential. Can't wait for updates, until then i'm gonna practice some lines :P Must buy for skateboard fanatics. It was well worth the price for me.
Played for a little over an hour now and i'm in heaven (well the LA Courthouse but you know what i'm saying). The mechanics are fairly easy to learn yet hard to master.  The physics are great and aren't too videgame-like as in ollie a ridiculous height (other then when olling beside something high it sometimes seems to catapault you up). This game is very much still in it's early stages but I see extreme potential and it's definitely more then enough to satisfy my skate itch until more content releases.   Things I will say:  (1) Grinds are quite "magnetized" so for example if you're trying to manual the ledge instead of grind it often locks in instead or audio changes to grind when you're not really on the edge. (2) Everytime you go back to your marker it places you in the opposite stance other then if you fall and wait to respawn. Annoying but nothing major. (3) There is no audio of your body hitting the ground after bailing so you just ragdoll and there is silence. (4) A little buggy and there is some clipping from time to time (one bug I found funny. You respawn and your leg is pushing while you're in place "do the stanky leg much" lol) but i'm sure it will polish up in time.  It's the skate game you've all been waiting for! 10/10 would do tricks i'll never be able to do again.
2 hours in and this is really fun. I'm planning tricks and runs and getting a feel for the controls. The controls did take me about an hour to get my fingers to do what they should. Just placed a marker down and tried a trick over and over until i could hit it repeatedly. Feels like skating!  Looking forward to updates!
Super simple to learn, gameplay is solid! Only drawback theres not much content, that being said this game will pave the way for true skateboarding games on pc. I wholeheartedly reccommend this game. Even at the state its starting in!!
I watched nightspeeds videos previewing the game to see what it looks like. i decid to go to the store page and i was not expecting a £16 pound price ($20). but i got it anyway because session is taking too long, and i am really enjoying the game so far.  i have to say this game is not currently worth £16 but it is definatly a great purchase as they are a really good development company and this game will be worth much more in the future. (for real though this game literally came out of nowhere how have i only just heard about it!)
Amazzing.  Great early access game.  Controls are well thought out and I can't wait to see how they develop.  Hope a sweet mod community builds around this game like in Pipe BMX.
The controls are well done and it takes very little time to get a hang of them and start doing cool tricks. At the moment, the game is not worth $20 because of lack of content. Right now, there is only one location. However, the one location has many different objects that you can do tricks on and still provides lots of fun. Unlike other skate games, every tick you land feels satisfying, even simple tricks like ollies and kickflips. It is different from skate 3 in the sense that you will not land crazy tricks like flips and insane gaps, but it has a more realistic approach. Highly recommend this game.
best skating game I've ever played, bit of a learnig curve if you're used to Skate 3 Controlls. I really love the controlls as it is much more realistic and is more challenging than other skateboarding games. I am really enjoying the game so far and i cant wait to see what new spots, customisation, levels, ect that they develop, i really think this game has a lot of potential
love the controls, feels amazing when you lock into a grind or slide and there are some hilarous glitches to make it all the more fun, would definitely recommend this, can't wait for future updates such as multiplayer!
As a first release, it's not bad. There are several things to work on though, and excited to see where they take this in future releases.   Compared to Project:Session, the mechanics of SkaterXL are severely lacking, but SkaterXL makes up for it with how polished their motion tracking is.   Minor things like not being able to get off of your board, only being able to turn while moving, or grinds having the same amount of friction as the player object does when rolling on the ground are all things that can be improved. The catch system needs a little work as well, but again, as a first release, it's quite promising.
This is so promising can not put it down! support this game and these devs!!   KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK GUYS!!  :D :D :D  Thought I would edit this to add some context - So if you are anything like me and have longed for a PC skating game like "skate" Then this is it.   As others have said if you have skated at any point in your life the controls just make sense, and if you havent it's not hard to get your head around!   Yes the map is currently small but you can be quite creative with it and lose yourself for hours.  I have such high hopes for this game and can't wait to see what it becomes!   LOVING IT!!
I am very pleased with this game. The graphics are awesome, physics look realistic, trick catalogue includes lots of tricks and combination tricks... The only issue I have is that the map is quite small, which probably won't be an issue later on since this is the first day the game is in early access and will probably have quite a few updates in the future
(Update) After playing for a week the controls have become more intuitive (use those triggers/spin to win!) Glad there is a team willing to make a realisic skating sim such as this. Looking foward to more areas and features.  (old review) Having an ollie/nollie function on the left stick is a bit cumbersome, making you pop unintentionally. You also fall way too easily. Really though, it's a small bit of fun now with the hope of being a more expansive and refined product in the future.
Has potential to be an amazing game. Right now dont expect much besides 1 small area to skate and several bugs
Hyped to see the future for this and Session
The mechanics of this game are incredible!!!!!! Like this is the game we have been asking for since Skate 3 came out so many years ago. I would hope that later in development that for example landing a kickflip would trigger a message in the bottom corner reading kickflip and so on for all tricks but this seems likely to already be on there list of things to add. Overall this game is rock solid and one of the few games I've gotten truely excited about in a long time. 5/5, Highly Recommend!!! Get it now before they build it out more and the price increases.
Game runs and looks fantastic. Physics are realistic, but not frustrating. Can't wait to receive more updates to the game!
Worth it alone for the mods and the street skating controls however it would greatly benefit with some tweaks to the physics regarding vert skating (or lack there of) as well as the tricks that would go with it (grabs, slashes, handplants ect.). I would also like to have varials, hardflip and inwards be a little easier to do.   Overall I highly recommend this game and applaud the devs for apparently embracing the modding community when it comes to custom maps. If they could somehow implement the game to work with the Steam Workshop that would be incredible.
Outstanding gameplay, for the people complaining about the $20 price tag - see this as an investment. The mobile version of the game packs quite a lot of content and I believe it only sold for $4.99. This game sure does have a lot of potential and the graphics look great for being a unity engine game. I hope we get really detailed customization for our charcter, more shoe brands than in the mobile version( like vans) and more clothing options from skate brands and other lifestyle brands, ya know bring our avatar to life! (probably won't happen but ya know supreme, anti-hero, baker, girl, all those cool ass sk8 brands no zumiez type shit!!) and have some pro skaters pop up and give u challenges or shit like that like in the THPS games!!!! anyways this is a fun ass game can't wait for what the future holds.
flip kick
Very early but this game shows huge potential and is already on an extremely solid foundation.  Probably some of the cleanest animations I've seen within a Skateboarding game/sim as well. Can easily get lost in this game for a good while
Game doesn't start for me. Been sitting on a black screen and a unity error message pops up. Don't know if it's a problem with my settup or the game, regardless I'm just happy to support an up coming skateboarding game. From the videos I've watched I'd recomend it to anyone who can run it.
Its gonna be an awesome game when its fully released, for now im having hella issues with my ps4 controller not working properly with the game,.
***This is, more or less, a tech demo/proof of concept.***  I had no idea this game existed or was coming out, and if it wasn't for a misspelling in the search box, I might not have known about it at all.  I'm happy I caught it popping up in the search queue though.  This is a very Early Access game, but I think it's worth the $20 to help the devs on their way.  The game controls well for the scheme the Dev is going for, it's a more complicated Skate-esque control, where the left stick and right stick function to control each leg vs Skate which was Left stick body, right stick board.  I bring this up because while the control scheme in game is very workable, it also seems to get in its own way at times.   So while doing Kick Flips/Heel Flips, both from an Ollie or Nollie is easy enough, there doesn't seem to be a way to do a Hardflip, which I found myself doing Shove-Its, 360 Flips, etc... On my way to discover that I don't think any combination of Right and Left stick movement can create a Hardflip.   Other issues such as the normal ollie, pulling back the right stick and just releasing it...  You don't need to press it forward, kind of takes the "snap" out of the move.  If you want to do a high ollie, you need to pull both sticks back, which... is cool, but again you just release them and you get a max height Ollie...  While you are crouched down you are "stuck using the triggers to make minor course adjustments, which doesn't feel great.  You can lean the sticks a little, but once you get past 15-20 degrees from straight down, the game thinks you've released the sticks and jumps.  This occurs with manuals as well, you push half way through the stick to get a manual, easy enough, but there isn't a way to just ride it out, releasing the stick will result in a jump.    Don't think I'm trashing the game here, the controls work well most of the time, there are just odd here and there, controls that go against how you imagine the trick should work.  I do actually love playing this demo, what the game nails, that Skate got, and Skate 2 got but started to forget a little... Is just sessioning a spot, linking tricks or just nailing a very specific trick and the joy that brought, and just how calming that can be.  If any devs read this, maybe looking for feedback I have some small suggestions to go along with what I mentioned above, outside of other things that I'm not even going to mention because I'm sure you guys see them and are working on them (well one is big but I don't know if you guys are even allowed to...) -The functionality of creating a Point, and then you hit your line, when you fall you jump immediately back to that point, can we just get up in place and then press "Up" to jump back to our created Point. -The Xbox back button switches your stance at a stand still, but also jumps you back to your created Point, can it just switch our stance. -This is the "big one", maybe have a simplistic control mode along the lines of Skate.  I don't mean this to be disrespectful to what you guys are doing with the controls.  I'm still going to play the hell out of this game, because it nails what I love about just relaxing and doing my thing in a game; But while they make sense from a skating standpoint, the controls are a bit counter-intuitive from a controller standpoint.  I might be talking out my ass here, it might not be possible just from a legal view.  Regardless, this is a straight recomended from me, no questions asked.  If you are the type of person to be curious about a game because it includes Skating, just buy.  
It's FINALLY HERE.  SKATE.  on PC. It's barebones AF right now.  Xbox One controller. At first I was accidentally doing nollies. Left Thumbstick (left foot) UP + release is a nollie.  (Improve the deadzone on that for sure.) The first 30 mins I didn't like it much.  So I keep at it.  No walking.  Now I see the INSANE amount of potential. I feel like some things are better than Skate and others leave me at loss for words.  I'm not quite getting the SPEED of Evan Smith.  (SOTY for me) Since we can't hold UP on left thumbstick, makes me think this game may eventually have WEIGHT PHYSICS.  Holy sh*t.  Downhill bombs could be really fun without having to hold UP.   All i've wanted to do was an ollie impossible.  (maybe someday.)  I say SUPPORT THIS GAME!  Thumbs f'king UP. I want to see some Multiplayer downhill DEATHRACES!  Spot battles.  Maybe even Split-screen.
This game has a lot of potential, I cant wait to see how Skater XL evolves in the future.
Legit, has potenial.  I remember spending endless hours into skate 3.. an this really has some good things going for it. the 20$ is an investment, for true skate fans. The content thats out right now, isnt worth 20$... so i am looking forward to more parks. ( only one park avaliable)  4 years in the making, i can appriciate what these people  are doing, i hope they pump out more content, thats the only thing its lacking for me right now.  Oh, i would love to change where the camera is, instead of just switch sides.  :) ill keep posting reviews as time goes on with this game <3  12/19/2018 -
<3
I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys skateboarding even a little bit.
Physics and the motion and the tricks omg all is super perfectly made! The variations of tricks - the details are super well made! Only downside I would give is that it is very demanding on the pc xD I have a lappy with 4gb ram and i3 dual core with 512mb graphics (I know my lappy is weak xD - am used to ps4) and I can only run the game smoothly on the lowest 300x300 size with lowest setting xD but thank you developers for putting 300x300 in there :D love the game - just fix the falling stuff with time and add maybe some other maps and it's perfect :D
This game is still in eatly access, but this game will turn into a competitor for session. I am excited to see the evolution of both of these games i cannot wait to see the finished product. This game is not meant for people who like to just flick the stick and pray this is for people who skate IRL or who like a realistic skateboarding game.
Yeah it is kinda ripping off session, but w/e I'll take it. Still gonna play session though.
If  the developers get this right, this game has an increadible capacity to become one the best game of the genre so far! Can't wait for further updates! :D
It's like really big fans of the skate franchise took things into theire own hands and try to make the next big skateboarding game and i have to say they really on to something! The core mechanics, controlles and phisics are pretty good so far. some animations look a bit clunky and it needs a lot more work to make this nearly as good as any of the Skate games...  BUT the Devs seems like they know what they want and what the people want... just a good working and fun Skateboarding game!   For me personally a simple clone of skate 2 or 3 (Same Controlles, same open map size, same "story" etc.) would be the dream and i hope the Devs see this a little bit like me and try to work theire way in that direction..  IS SKATER XL WORTH THE ~ 20$? It looks like its in a state of a tech alpha.... so if you wanna test the core game, Yes otherwise wait for a bit more content.  I really like it so far and looking forward to see more content comming in. for me a big Step in the right direction and i have trust that the Devs are going to make this a great game!
Controls are horrible, but its a cool idea for a game. Needs more work though (I understand its early access)
This game is without a doubt a spiritual successor to the Skate-series.. And that is about time.  Even though Skater XL is still in the very early stages you can easily tell how good it will as a finished product. However, it is a bit of a learning curve to get used to the controls.  Especially if you are used to how the Skate-series controls, as Skater XL uses one analog per foot and triggers to turn.   All in all I can't find anything to complain about so far with this game.  I have gotten burned on early access games so many times before, but in general those games are pretty bad to begin with - This is not.   Really looking forward to seeing what the developers will do with Skater XL!
Great foundation to start from.  Loving the intuitivness of all the tricks. Anything can be figured out by just disecting the controller movements! If you're a fan of Pipe: BMX Streets, Steep, skate, anything like that. Give it a try! I will be following this games development
Nice game prototype.  Its needs more content, and more usability like a in game menu, settings and other.
EDIT 2: After More hours, I can say this is the best Skateboarding game ever !!!! I love it   +++The gameplay is very nice and difficult and realistic.( Edit : Gameplay is AWESOME and almost complete )  +++Mod (Maps, Shoes, pants, T-shirt, Deck, grip, skin etc ...)  +++Slide : Grind : Blunt : Shift your board in the air : Catch board with any foot in the air : Ride with your own style with training : Wheeling  -No AIR Tricks (no catch ) : I don't need them, I like street  -The map is very small (But I think it is not so difficult to add map)  +/- It is more like a tech demo for the moment but you can play a lot of hours to learn how to ride. ****(EDIT 1: Not a tech demo, gameplay is here, they just have to add map and tweak a little - but you can see they worked HArd on the gameplay)  - If you touch something you fall  + Not very expensive  Best skateboarding game ever ??!! Maybe YES ! EDIT : YEEEEESSSSS it is !  I think the game will be awesome, I use to skate a lot during years and this game is made for skater.  EDIT 1: after few more hours, this is the best skateboarding gameplay I've seen in my life, the game is a not THE perfect simulation but it is near  !! If you are a skateboarder you HAVE to try it ! BEst skateboarding feeling ever made in a game in my opinion  The video tutorial in-game: https://youtu.be/QxA0waUkZ2s  Some tricks: https://youtu.be/oV1xEaT_rIA
As mentioned in every Review this game has a lack of content because its "EARLY ACCESS" the whole purpose of this release is to allow you to try the game out, find out if theres bugs or glitches and help the devs work on these problems.  I waited up last night to try and purchase this and the second it was available I bought it and i've played a few hours with it.  Even just passing the controller back and fourth with my roommate and having a game of skate was pretty fun! I'd love to see where this project goes and the devs need support in order to continue development so give it a try!
It´s a game that is not for everyone. I guess the target audience is mostly skaters because it is not ´play with the analogues and pray for something to happen´. If you want to land a trick, you have to know what you want. Just like skateboarding. Still a long way to go but it´s an amazing start that it´s getting me hyped about it!
If this game gets the attention its deserving it will blow up. Feels so smooth and looks so steezy. Controlling feels intuitiv. Recomending it to anyone looking for a skate game thats closer to "Real Life" Skating than the other stuff on the market.
I'd like to start by saying that I have been a huge fan of the Skate series since the original came out in 2007. As a skateboarder, I appreciated the semi realism that the Skate series provided. It has been 8 years since Skate 3, and I have been dreaming of a new skate game since.  This game (more like a demo) has a solid foundation, but does have a ways to go. The controls are different, and do not make much sense to me. This might not bother you, but if you are a skateboarder you may find the fakie/switch mechanics to be strange. I have played the Session demo and the controllers make so much sense that I can visualize the joystick movements of tricks I have never done, and pull them off first try.  I believe that great things could come of this game. The price is a bit steep, but it scratches the itch.  
This game has the potential to be the skating simulator everyone wanted. not alot of content right now but i think this is the smoothest running day-one early access game ive ever played. a few physics and control issues here and there, but theyre very small. definitely worth the investment
Despite the character appearing to move like someone with cerebal palsy, the game is alright! once you get used to the controls you can add some style to your tricks and get good lines. Also the tricks themselves look pretty sick, like try doing bigspins or crook grinds, they really look stylish. This game has potential,  P.S DO NOT EXPECT ANYTHING LIKE SKATE 2,3
Not worth $20 quite yet for the average consumer, but if you love skateboarding games you'll be impressed with this.
First off, a big thank you to Easy Day Studios for working on this project and coming up with a great beta. I have sinked countless hours into other skate games, and have to say that there is major potential for this project. That being said, here is my list of what I like so far, and what I think should be added to the game.  What I like so far: - The control scheme, it's somewhat reminiscent of the SKATE series, but is entirely it's own. The left stick controls your left foot, and the right stick controls your right foot. Easy concept to grasp, but difficult to master. - The graphics are awesome, and the game is well optimized. I have a GTX1070 and get a constant 144fps on ultra settings. - Catch mechanic is great, and holding down a trick and having it keep spinning/flipping is perfect. - Certain tricks look and feel smooth, and you actually have hit a rail or ledge at the correct angle to grind, instead of being magnetically pulled to the rail or ledge.  What I think should be added (from most important to least important): - General stability and stiffness improvements, for both movement and tricks. - More maps, and more opportunities for vert, even if it's a few small ramps and bowls. - Online free skating with friends. - A UI that lists what trick I did - Different controller schemes (SKATE-style, customizable, etc.). - Player customization.  If you enjoy realistic skateboarding games, want to support these developers by purchasing this early version of their game, and are OK with a few bugs for the time being - definitely give this game a try!
I am an avid Skate 3 player. One of my favorite games of all time. With that said, my obvious comparison is going to be that of Skate 3, so you have a reference. This game looks like skate 3 with better graphics, but it feels nothing like Skate 3. Thats not exactly a con though. The controls are weird at first for sure but with some practice, and as the game developes I have no doubt you'll get used to it. The left analog controls your left foot, and the right, you guessed it, your right foot. So its a little more complex when it comes to doing something simple like a kickflip, but it feels very rewarding to land a trick. At this point in Skate 3, three doing a tre flip late shuv melon down a 20 stair is not exactly a challenge. I'de like to see you try that here...not happening. If you have skated and are into skateboarding this game is going to open up a WAY bigger variaty of trick tweaking for you, at least than in Skate 3. You are able to do one footed catches, popping out of manual looks more realistic, switch looks more realistic, and the all around style of the movement is more realistic and aesthetically pleasing. Once the controls are nailed down and become second nature, (I'm not there yet, I have an hour of gameplay) I have no doubt this game is going to be much more fun when it comes to making your tricks your own. One of the down falls of Skate 3, is that the ability to make your tricks look unique and realistic was far and few in between. This game is going to open up all kinds of doors in that arena, which is really exciting! This game is also early access, obviously, so don't expect it to be flawless if you decide to buy it. The map is small, no customization, ecs. I'de say the biggest con for me so far is the fact that you can't get off your board...YET. Again, early access, this feature may, and hopefully will be added over time.  All in all my advice is, if you loved Skate 3, and you have high hopes for this game, get it. Don't let the funky controls scare you off, cuz again, landing tricks is super rewarding and feels really good, much like landing a tough trick in reality is rewarding. Just give it a chance and watch this hopeful, unique game develope!  
There is not alot of content for the current price, but if like me you use to play EA Skate and just set a marker down and just skate the same rail or stair set over and over again, then you will like this game.  ***Forget my day one review! This game is amazing! You must join the Skate XL discord and then that will give you access to so many mods, including new maps and character customisation. The Devs are improving the game mechanics and the community are adding the content. This game is a must buy for any Skate fan***
After being a huge Skate 3 fan, I was expecting a game similar to that but was actually surprised with this one. The left stick controls your front foot and the right stick controls your back foot, so at first this was kind of confusing. Definitely take a look at the small tutorials the game has on a few tricks, and you can combine some from there to do a tre-flip for example. The controls are definitely different but it makes it unlike the Skate series in the respect that it just doesn't let you land anything you want. It took me about 5ish minutes to figure out exactly what I had to do with the sticks to land a kickflip back crook down the rail. Kind of a wonky feel at first but this game is super fun after playing for a few hours. And its the only skateboarding game on PC that I know of so it's no question
So much potential here. I am hoping Easy Day gets enough support to really flesh this thing out and fill the big empty void in all our videogame hearts with a quality skateboarding game.    As far as the game in its current state, it's definitely a little more realistic feeling than the Skate games and if you like making the most out a certain ledge or rail the seemingly small starter map will consume much more of your time than you might initially think.  
Great mechanics, keep on developing and this will be golden. You guys are far ahead from session. Keep up the good work.
Alright, I haven't played much but what I've seen so far seems really promising. I also think of the 16€ I payed for this as an investment for the devs to make this a great game.  What I immedietly wished for was a different camera angle. Distances are pretty bad to visualize in this angle. I'd love to have the option for a more THPS style angle. Apart from that there's not much to be said about this game right now. There's only one level. The performance is pretty good, as it should be, and there haven't been any crashes.   Oh also what this game needs ASAP is sounds when fallind down. Right now it just looks ridiculous and having no sound just adds more unwanted comical effect.
As its early access i feel like this game has potential. The controls felt good and i got used to them after 15 minutes being able to do even trick which since i didnt know how it was going to work with dual sticks to do tricks. I really feel like this could be a really good game but depending on how they update it, it could turn out bad. Im looking forward to the updates and the full game to really see how it develops overtime.
This game is pretty awesome and i know a lot of features will come soon and big features.  When i saw the vid on instagram, i knew i had to buy this game so I I played a lot of skate 3 and it was my favorite game and i know this one can totally change skateboard games and i hope features will come soon i'm so excited for this!!  The game is amazing and the capability to really move both feet and to make a lot of tricks by skill is awesome  Here are some features i really want,  -Capability to break your skateboard by missing your tricks or from hard lands or something. I know it's a little thing but this would be so nice  -Respawn where you fell and not where you set your marker  -possibility to easy swuitch from goofy to regular  I LOVE THIS GAME ALREADY
Fucking Gnarley game. Most relalistic skate game out since skate !and its on pc! , not much to do atm but Hopfully devs will keep the updates rolling in
Okay, I'ma be real honest with you guys. This review comes from a skateboarder who loves skateboarding games, and has a great understanding of both physics and the culture of skateboarding. I have played: Skate, Skate 2, Skate 3, Some Tony hawk games, and session and I love them all, (Mostly Skate 2, Skate 3 and session)  First off this game is great, not in graphics or content (cause they kinda suck at this point), but in physics and the feel on the board. The controls are great and I love the idea behind going to real spots.  Here are some things I'd love for them to improve: -Add more spots, like the berrics, macba, Hollywood high etc.. -Freeroam, going around in a big world with endless possibillities of finding new spots. -More customization for your character. -Diffrent board sizes, for diffrent things, like a 7.5 or 7.75 spins faster while 8.25 or 8.375 are easier to lock into slides with. -Transition skating, I'd love to see a game make a good and reallistic feeling of skating bowl. -Better optimization (I have a pretty good computer, but I can see the struggle for people with worse ones) -Online, imagine skating with your friends freeroam, finding new spots and hitting NBD's that's what I'd love to see, and none of that instanced online lobbies like in skate 3.  I hope to see regular updates, and for now this game will get a 7/10 skateboards for mostly the physics!  Thanks for reading!
This game in its current state is really fun. The punishing nature of the controls and physics make for really satifying gameplay and i am extremely optimistic for this games future This game does, however, need a serious increase in content for it to hold people for a long time. While new maps is obvious i think that a sytem where the player could place their own ramps/rails etc would do this game wonders. The beauty of this game comes from the ability to find a spot and skate it however you want to, a system like this would just enhance this. Also specific graphics setting are a must have for this game as I (and i assume many others) cannot stand motion blur but, at least on the higher graphic presets) its on by default and there is no way to change it. While the price may seem steep for the current content available i would 100% recomend this game with the knowledge that new content will be coming.
Extremely barren content wise at the moment but the most important criterium in a skateboard game, the control and feel of the board, is already very good. If you are not extremely thirsty for a skateboard game i'd wait a few months and see how the early access goes but if you desperately want to land some virtual kickflips and have faith in the devs like me, go for it.
This is such a good game for actual skaters. You can control the flip speed, the angle that you catch the board at, choose which foot you catch with. these things mean you can kinda make your own style which is great!  when you get used to the controls its super addictive!   the map size isn't an issue when you can do any trick you can think of, so many possibilties.  people saying they only got 15mins out of it don't really understand what skating is about, you gotta use ya brain and be creative
Great game so far for an EA.   I just rode one hour the map, and for the guys complaining about a too small area, you can now can do a lot of stuff on the map, dozens lines you can drive.  A big road ahead, but the direction is good.
The gameplay is fun yet complex enough to keep me engaged and the FPS are smoother than most games nowadays. As long as the devs add more content(maps, cosmetics) and perhaps some sort of challenge system, this gem might be the skateboarding gem we've all be waiting for.
very nice
This game needs a lot of work, but it has so MUCH potential, good work so far ! Im excited to see how it grows !
Been playing the game for 20 minutes and i'm already hooked! Decent graphics, steezy tricks and good physics. If the developers just add more content, the game will be fantastic.   Overall rating 8.5/10 This rating will improve if they add more content. 
this game has a lot of potential ... i´m ready for the updates with maps, etc :D
i just bought the game and i strart it up then i klick start and than it becomes clitchy, how can i fix it
Really fun game but the way the character stands and keeps his arms still drives me crazy. I understand it's a trend amongst the newest generation of "swagged out" kids but that really needs to change and the developers need to give him some life instead of looking like he's bored, too cool to try and is just wishing he could sit in a dark corner and look at twitter on his phone. Once again love the game but his "style" wont appeal to anyone over 13.  oh also the pop shove its are way to sensitive and it's extremely difficult to not do 360 flips when trying kick flip pop shove it's. same for any other transverse rotation.
I like so much this game !
Great gameplay and a lots of potential
This game brings back memories of the Trasher Skate and Destroy on PS1 and the technical aspects of the SKATE series. Best part so far is the feeling of accomplishment when mastering the different mechanics. Really looking forward to multiplayer and play games of S.K.A.T.E with other people. Your really need to know the tricks to land them, no button mashing. In it's current state, this is just a tech demo but a very exciting tech demo.
Only got to play around for 30 minutes before work but figured I'd leave some thoughts. Initial opinion that this is pretty good as it is and don't think it'll take much or long for this to polish into a memorable skating game.  Soon as I started it gave me flashbacks to the first time I played the EA Skate 1 demo. The newborn foal feeling where you want to line up for a grind, do a 3 trick combo and fail a good 20 times in a row. But when you finally stick it, no matter how sloppy, you feel like you've accomplished something. Then right back hitting the same spot to 'clean it up' and pull it clean.  So far as the soul of the game, it's there.  I like the ragdoll physics, looks pretty good. Funny at times as your character doesn't use his arms to protect his face from smacking his teeth on the curb. Guy's face could use some more expression and eyelids should close once in a while. But of course this game is very early and I suspect that'll all get polished in time.  Control wise it seems to be pretty good, but it's too early for me to say with confidence if the controls are truly good or not. Since it's one of those games you gotta practice and get a feel for. For example, it's pretty hard for me to pull straight kickflips/heels when I intend to, often turns into a varial flip. But I dunno if it's me not dialing in the controls, or if the controls are hindering it. Unclear, but for now I'll blame myself till I get more time with it.  Little things I immediately miss is powerslides. Also, haven't been able to do a 360º ollie on flat yet. Anyone done any bluntslides yet?
I honestly think this is a fantastic skateboarding game but the only problem i have with it is its £15 its too much for little content and i understand that this game has just released today and there will probs be future updates but as is not worth the price, i woud just wait a couple of weeks or more to see if updates come out, before purchasing this game. i will change this review from negative to positive when there is more updates.(welp theres been a little update :))
It amazes me how easily Skater XL scratched that urge to "play some sort of Skate 4" of mine, and I'm sure I'm not the only one. Considering it's Early Access, it's already pretty close to the big title we all miss in terms of quality. The movements are soft, the mechanics are amazing and the graphics are delish. So far it has a few glitches and bugs, but nothing that will ruin your experience. Keep in mind though, this is a newborn bird, so don't expect to spend that amount of money on a full of content, complete game. Take it more like an investiment. A darn good one.  I congratulate Easy Day Studios for coming practically out of nowhere and delivering such a well-done game so far. I'm definitely looking forward for more updates and silly fixes.  The foundation is there, and it's amazing. Well done!
I am loving this game, it's everything I wanted in a skateboarding game, regarding the engine at least. It's still veeeery rough around the edges and it could use some improvements regarding collisions, but the gameplay is promising (and this might be an understatement). I have skateboarded for many years in my youth and many of the tricks feel very natural and intuitive, you just have to feel what you would do with your left and right foot (which are controlled with the left and right analogue thumbsticks) and the tricks will just flow. The game desperately needs a system to recognize tricks performed, like in the mobile app, and some UI polish, but add that and it will be good to go ~ I hope cosmetic changes and more spots will come in the future, but I absolutely recommend this game based on the potential it has as of now.
Absolutely awesome start. Played it all night. Honestly all the people crying about the controls need to spend more than 5 minute with them. I came from playing Skate 3 heavily and honestly the control switch really wasn't a big deal, took about an hour to comfortably do most tricks I wanted. Also people crying about bailing when ever they touch anything, it's no where near as bad as they make it out to be, it could use a bit of work but it doesn't make the game unplayable.   The only weird thing is when you skate switch, the controls are reversed in a weird way where kickflip = heelflip, skating nollie and fakie is completely fine but for some reason switch is just weird.  I do think as time goes on this will be the game to fill the Skate 4 void.  Well done dev team. Love the mobile game as well.  10/10 beginning!  
Holy S**t guys... This is Sooo solid base to build from... Amazing work devs, keep up the great job, controls simple but hard,  I'm loving every second. Thanks for early christmas gift  Content is not 20bucks worth now, BUT as I said, the base of game is solid and reflects real struggle with tricks and that amazing feeling when you land something in amazing style.  I'm just wishing game will get some real world brands behind it, but since it's already on Berrics, I'm guessing we are up for some nice future with this title.
very good
1h in and I'm already hyped. I'm surprised that controlling a skater with a gamepad can feel even less arcade and more realistic then we're used to it from the skate series. Thank you guys for doin' a skate-game for PC, this is really what I needed.
finally a good f***ing game of skate on PC. we have a bmx(pipe) , agressive inline (on a roll) and now a skate game.  My dream just came true, i miss the old days of playing tony hawk etc... and skater xl is just what i need right now, a good game with nice phyzics nice graphics and a huge potencial  to be what we've always wanted after skate series of EA.  Thanks easy day studios for the effort and bring to us always alot of updates and listen the fan base feedback.  thanks
Huge potential. At the moment, the game probably isn't worth 20 bucks, but it is very early on and I am trusting the devs to use the money that they're generating now for the greater good. I believe that we'll be seeing a lot more content in the future. A few things need to be refined, but for now this seems like it's going to keep getting better as the updates come in.
Chris Roberts Switchflip Switch Manny Simulator  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0X1aNE6PbM
This is a review of the early access version of the game, it came out today.   Although this game is best played with an XBOX/PS controller (I used my Steam controller, will probs get an XBOX/PS controller for this game), it's a lot of fun.   The currently limited map is quite small and only offers a "classic" street skating experience, there are next to no banks or transitions skatable yet. That doesn't mean the game is not fun though! From the ~30 minutes of gameplay I had, I got a strong EA Skate impression with snappy controls and nice, bright and clean textures.   There are obviously some bugs and as previously stated, I'm using a Steam controller which is NOT suited for the game. (I'm too lazy to make a custom map for the controller, maybe someone will come up with one that works, but as previously stated, I'll probably end up buying an XBOX/PS controller at some point)  As the devs of this already have decent experience with skate-ish games, I trust in their ability to make this a great game that might attract more fans of the EA Skate legacy. It might also become worth more than the current 16,79€.
great potnetial. limited content at the moment but is to be expected day one on early access titles. great for skate fans which i am not but i enjoyed playing around with the different tricks.   will try to update once more content is added
Much better than Session. This game is made in Unity 3D and this results are amazing, im 3D Artist and i work with Unity 3D and this guys have done a incredible work here. I loved the map and the controls, like i said before much better than Session, i`m a skater for years so the controls are very intuitive, at least for me, even in other stances like fake, nollie and switch. Something i dind`t found is tutorials to combine tricks, like flips and shovits to trefilps and something like that, but with time you find it by yourself, by the way i loved all the combination of tricks to make new things, and the grinds are very very cool to do. My pc can`t handle this game in ultra 4k, (other modern games i can) but this is not a problem (i drop the res), with time im sure the developers will make more optimizations to make the game better even to run bigger maps smoothly. Easy Day Studios, please don`t let this game die, i loved and i`m seeing a big potencial here, already for me your game is better than the other on the market, and we are in the first day of launch. My suggestions are: MUSIC, i can fix this with internet but for next updates will be really nice to have this (i know, copright is a big pain in the a...). Button to fast respawn at the marker, after a fail takes to much time to reset position. Button to grab the board and walk, this helps to precise positions to start a line. Reverts, this will make much more combinations and helps to invert stances to combine more.
I'm almost never write reviews for the products, but this time its necessary. I feel like majority of people with the negative reviews being extremely unreasonable. For now, this game and SESSION are both holding a niche of realistic skateboarding on PC by themselves. After so much waiting we finally have a realistic skate game on [b]PC[/b] with [b]solid mechanics[/b], [b]quality animations[/b], [b]good graphics[/b] and [b]reasonable price[/b], and guess what people do?  In the first fucking day of early access realease people decided to bury it in negative reviews because: [list] [*] There's one playable level atm [*] "Muh 20$ for unfinished game??" [*] "Controls feels off after SESSION" (and SESSION getting shit there for not being similar to SKATE series) [/list]   After playing for some time I listed the features i really like: [*]  [b]Fluid animations[/b]. Steering, flipping, grinding, most of the times they look beautiful [*]  [b]Free fliping[/b]. Flips defined by the sticks motion and speed, you can also hold the them for how long you want and the motion will continue, you can tweak them a little differently too while in air so adds a little more style [*]  [b]Grinds/slides[/b]. You can turn them hovewer you want while doing them, you can slide off of them, you can lose speed and get stuck on them  [*]  [b]Input change on stances[/b]. Compared to SESSION switch here actually feels more like switch should be All in all, I can say the game looks very promising and people shouldn't be that harsh to the devs that acually trying to fill the gap in a skateboarding genre
guys help my game has no sound
difficult game which is rewarding when hitting tricks, the foundation is there and it is only in early access, hopefully becomes the skating game we havent got since skate and tony hawk
Landing a trick is much more rewarding compared to skate 3, hope to see this game improve over time, and hoping for transition mechanics, plssss :)
+ This game is hard but when you finaly land that one line its feels so goooood. + Game looks good. + Tricks SNAPS! + Smooth fps + Grinding feels good on rails. + Not too realistic and not too tonyhawk. + you can go out of map :3  - Kinda small map. - No customations in game. - Random glitches (kinda funny still when you fly up in sky)  This game have so much potential so lets hope Easy Day Studios keep updaiting this game.
THIS GAME IS SO FUCKING FUN. Yes the only place is the LA courthouse. But im learning to skate IRL, and the fact i can recreate scenes from mid90s MAKES ME FEEL AMAZING. Nollie treflipping into a feeble, then exiting with a heelflip is amazing. The controls are extremely nice, and the way the devs have made movement is incredible, needs tweaking with falling physics, more maps (obviously) but other than that, this is fucking great. PLEASE ALLOW MOD SUPPORT PLEASE CAUSE I SWEAR PEOPLE WILL BE MAKING CRAZY MAPS, BOARDS, CLOTHES, PLAYER MODELS. HOLY FUCK I COULD PLAY AS ERIC KOSTON!!!! so much potential, i cant wait to see what happens. Price is steep but if they need the money, im happy to give it to em throught this purchase!!!!!
Amazing for the Skate game genre! Keep up the good work!
Not to bad. Not quite a Skate 4 but could become a solid title with good development.  EDIT: Couple hours in and I can say that this is amazing and worth the support considering there is a modding scene from the same people that mod PIPE.
First of all I have to say that this was the skating game that we needed for the whole community... -------------------- Big props to the team on the development so far, its a great experience and hope to see more in the future ;) -------------------- For those with some issues on the game don't forget that this is Early Access, but do give feedback for them so that they can improve upon it! -------------------- If you are a EA Skate fan and you love skateboarding in general, do yourself a favour and get it cause for the price and them being an indie team, its far greater than I expected it to be =)
Control scheme is well thought and pulling big tricks is really satisfying when on flat, catch mechanic is great and offers some control. However, the game at its current state feels frustrating, the fakie/switch is confusing as hell, it switches sticks and sometimes you're stuck in goofie, regular, fakie and you have to figure out which sticks to use and which direction to orient it. Also bailing is super sensitive, when not moving it's hard to choose a direction, bumpers to turn are not precise, you can use the left stick to turn but it's not easier. Somehow the game does not register my controls well, sometimes I release the stick to jump but nothing happens, or the player is stuck on 'ready to pop' animation and turning takes some time so you can't really avoid obstacles, so you bail. They should have included more flat ground in the ridiculously small demo map, maybe a flat testing map like in the tutorials would be appreciated. Basically the game is not as polished as it should be, the whole '4 years in the making', 'Unprecedented board control' and 'Skate game you've all been waiting for' was not a smart advertising move. I don't recommend to buy the game yet, but I feel like the game will improve quickly over the next weeks.
This is what I needed. At the moment there isn't a huge amount of content, but if you're the type of person that can make fun out of what you're handed (Small or large) than this may be for you.  The controls are a happy medium between Session and Skate, and I wouldn't want them any other way!  I can't wait for the content to come.
[h1] Promising tech demo [/h1] This Early access game is not worth the price of nearly 20$ right now, but the gamplay features and animations are looking very promising.
I'm gonna write a review hoping the devs will read it. So far, so good. But it really feels like im playing Session with worst controls but better graphic and less glitch.  First of all i hope we can get the option to get off the board ASAP. I really don't like not being able to step off it. Second, grinds control have to be improved. I managed to bluntslide and nose/tail slide but that's just getting into a different angle using the boardslide controls, which doesn't feel completely right.  IMPORTANT: add a "hard mode" where you actually have to CATCH the trick like they have in session. That feels very VERY important ot me and i don't think i'm the only one.  The game looks very promising and it's fun to play even on that early stage. Are 20 bucks worth it? Maybe. It's a must have if you enjoy skateboarding games, but that's a very early stage. I hope we get updates even on this beta too, not only when the game will be released. The rotation doesn't feel 100% too but that's a minor problem. What i think is a problem is that: stances. Switch the controls if you ride in switch! Right now doing switch tricks just feel wrong because you're basically doing nollie stuff. The switch animation also looks stiff. Other than that it's a really great start but there is still a lot of work to do imho.  Things i found out after playing while: -fs shove are way slower than bs. Especially in high pop. That means getting high 3flip is way too easy and getting high lasers almost impossible.   ---- 5-0, suski and salad grinds aren't right. The nose needs to get higher. A normal 5-0 looks totally like a 50-50.  I had to tweak my suski into a smith to see the small difference. Please correct.  Same goes for nosegrind, crooked and overcrook. They all feel like they're too low. ----   ->>>> EDIT: i figured you just need to use both sticks. I don't know if i like it though.   ALSO: PLEASE change the low pop kick/heel animation. It's rocket af
So far my early thoughts of this early access game are mostly positive. I've been an avid fan of skateboarding games for a long time now and this will definitely be a game to put on and relax with in 30 minute bursts using a controller.   The controls take a little while to get used to but make a lot of sense, after an hour of gameplay I was able to complete difficult lines comboing tricks together. The graphics are really nice, especially at higher resolutions. Shadows looked good. Gameplay was at a smooth constant 60fps which made the game feel fluid. Animations of the character looked good although there were times where animations were sudden before landing tricks. A few bugs were encountered but this is to be expected for an early access game.   Overall my first impressions are mostly positive and I'm excited to see the future of this demo, especially the addition of new spots. Future features I'd like to see added include a filmer mode, board customisation, late flips and grabs. I can't justify the price of the game for now due to the lack of features but if you love skateboarding games then I'd recommend.   [b] Pros	[/b] - Fun gameplay - Beautiful graphics - Intuitive controls  - Stable frame rate  [b] Cons	[/b] - Slightly buggy (expected) - Restricted to one skate spot (for now) - Price
Really fun game [u]for early access[/u], as a skateboarder the animations and "styled" out tricks were really satifsying, popping a high ass kickflip never felt better. Of course it's a little wonky in it's current state, but hopefully this will continue to get worked on and improved. The main thing i'd like to see is original maps, tired and extremely bored of seeing "famous skate spots" based on real life locations, one of the charms of playing a skateboarding game is skating spots and obsticles you probably couldn't skate or find in real life.
Skater XL looks promising. The skate genere on PC has been dead for years and many real life skaters we know the struggle of not being able to play any decent skate game on PC. Having played over 1500 hours of Skate 3 and 2 on PS3 I can say that this game has a huge potential.   If you're looking for the "button masher" gameplay of games like THPS just step away from this game. Skater XL aproaches skateboarding from a more realistic perspective. If think that the controls are well implemented but still feel kinda wanky. Besides that all the tricks missing, this game needs an off board mode implementation asap. I found myself restarting the game several times because I misplaced a session marker in a corner.  The realistic feel of the game is often broken by the transitions between the animations. This is an alpha but I hope that they'll make it look smoother, especially when you're riding switch and you want to do a fakie flip trick, the character just jumps at the end of the board instantlly.   Also a lot of optimization has still to be done, some map zones drop below 60 fps on a RTX 2080, Ryzen 7 2700x, and 32GB RAM system, but we have to keep in mind that this is an alpha.  The game has an solid foundation but it needs a lot of work and love put into it. If you're a real life skater you'll enjoy the game for sure.
now im player for 40 minutes ,and i got my mind around the controls ,the game is still in Early acces ,so dont expect too much! im sure they will work on the game. the map / area where u can skate is not that big ,but they will work on that.
After playing the game i can say that this game has a GREAT potential to be one of the best games skate ever made. People need to realize that this is an Early Acess tittle, the game is under development and most of it's features are not yet implemented.   Great Job guys, i hope to see constant updates!  
Just clocked up 3+ hours seshing the game. Super fun to play realistically. Thoroughly enjoyed, can't wait to see what the devs have planned for the future. Keep it up.
[b]IMPORTANT! This game is in EARLY ACCESS[/b]  In all honesty, the way the game sits at the moment is good enough to keep me happy for some time. It is a good time waster. However it is not at all a complete game. This game was said to launch today on the 19th of December and it did. This, essentially, is a demo and if this game is looked after by the devs and added to, it will be come the skate game of PC.  It combines the controls between Skate and Session. The analogs are your feet and you can turn with the triggers. You may also turn with your left analog stick if the triggers don't gel with you. The graphics are beautiful and the movement is fluent.  I don't have much issue at all running the game on ultra. This game has the most potential out of all the Skate games I've played on PC thus far. If regular updates come and regular content is added this game will be a perfect 10.  At the moment it lacks any story, an open world and no customisation but I heavily stress that it is an early access game. I hope this was released by the devs to gauge how well it was going to do as well as the demand for it and with the demand it is at they will add things like a story and open world etc.  If you are looking for a complete, polished, perfect game. This isn't it [i]for now[/i] but after some time I think this game will be a true piece of art.
WORKED HARD TO TAKE AWAY FROM PEOPLE WHO HAVE WAITED FOR A SKATEBOARDING GAME THIS FAR MORE COMING SOON EVEN MORE SKATEBOARDING GAMES COMING SOON
Rad
better than session.  good controls, tricks are customizable, style is customizable.  hopefully it improves as time goes on.
If you buy into the early access expecting a polished product (Skate 4), you're going to be disappointed.   Yes, it's a bit clunky. Yes, it's buggy. Yes, there are features missing.  I see some potential in this game, and I choose to pay the 17€ to support the development of the product. In its current state, it's not worth 17€, no. It only has one (small) map, the UI is non-existent and it's very buggy.  Other than that:  The control scheme feels very nice, though it takes some time getting used to. Graphics are OK, nothing special, but it is pre-alpha-ish so whatever.
im not going to complain about the controls because they make sense to me, most of these people are coming from skate and thats all they know and probably never touched a skateboard in their lives. these controls make sense because it matches what you feet would do, dont change that. obvously alot can be approved as well but it is a beta so im asumming that you are aware of that already. but so far im having fun with it.   s/n dont listen to the "its too realistic" they only had the game for a couple of hours so they are not use to the controls thats for one. also some just want to wiggle the right stick and trick line. DO NOT CHANGE THIS GAME FOR TRICK LINERS!!!
This game is amazing ! I want to remind you that this game is in early access, this game is very promising for the future.
This game has the potential to be the new Skate and even better.....  But at the moment it is not worth that price. The devs have for some reason chose for their first map to be a basically flat canvas instead of you know, Tony Hawks Pro Skater 1 Demo Disc warehouse. If the game would be half the price it would be worth supporting, this is too much for what it is.  The controls are good and responsive, but at one point the left analog switch controls switch, so that holding up was jump? Probably a camera glitch that caused it. Also it needs more options, I'm pretty sure motion blur is on and I want too turn it off.  Keep this one in the follow/wishlist for now.
skater xl Is a great game, Now that pc players have a skate game is good i know its a early access game the only things that could be improved is the movement and controls appart from that the game is great
"Skater XL" If you're looking for your Skate 3 replacement this could be for you, Skater XL to me as a skater is the skating game ive always wanted because it adds more physics and realism to the skate game genre. Controls are brilliant and make total sense to anyone whos ever skated before. Graphics are clean. FPS is smooth. A game mechanic which stands out from the rest is the ability to catch tricks with your front or back foot giving the player a way to adapt to his own style rather than doing the same tricks constantly you have the ability to add variation to tricks. This game is in early access and may not have much content for the price but id say this has potential to be the next big thing in skateboarding games.  If you're not really into skateboarding and only play Skate 3 for the wacky glitches and fun flips then this game isnt for you! If you're a skater or looking for a skateboading game thats fun realistic and addictive then this is for you! If you purchase this game know that it is in early access and nothing more than the core mechanics being tested on a small map created to be West LA Courthouse.  This game is going to find some definite success!
I see many people comparing it to EA's SKATE series, wich is unfair knowing that this is from an indie developer, and this game is basically a Beta. I can see that this game is probably not for every demographic. I actually enjoy it, and I see the potential. Pretty fun if you're into the "skater mindset" when you don't mind trying a specific trick for a while and figureing it out and the satisfaction of landing it. Controls are in the sweet spot I think, pretty easy to get used to not as convinient as SKAKTE but not as complicated as Session.  Wishlist for upcoming updates.  Difficulty settings would be nice (making it easyer to stick to rails in easy mode, making flips harder to do in Hardcore mode). Making the skater bit more tough while bumping into stuff. HUD or at least having the option of displaying trick names, it would let us know what's up.  Maybe a Far Camera? More tricktips or tricks. Levels and a filmer mode and I'm good. Different game modes would really suit this game like iOS SKATERapp's Runs feature, or a simple game of S.K.A.T.E. either online partyplay style would be fun.  Keep it up!
Pros: I thought the game was really good in fact realistic when you kickflip it looks mobbed out at first, which in skateboarding is bad and bummed me out ,Then after i kept playing and i realised that if you flick both joysticks faster (high ollie) he actually will start to pop tricks really high like in real life i did a couple of boned kickflips! after that i loved the physics , the controls are weird at first but you  get used to it kinda also depends on the stance because one joystick controls your left other right foot. Also i got every single trick on the long kinked rail double set backside tailslide , kickflip over crook and so on , i really enjoyed the game!  Cons: Map is really small , you cant pick up your skateboard and walk or modify skater , alot of the grinds are their but this game really needs some sort of tutorial , or a better trick-a-pedia, also alot of the grinds are not on their "how to list" even though they are possible to do such as bluntslides and tailsides and mainly all tricks you just have to figure it out on your own.   Conclusion:i think this game is more in the 10$ range as is because it feels more like a demo but still worth it  to feed your skate hunger. wish to see them let people mod the game in the steam workshop or add more boards or gear and we get a bigger map with more stairs,rails and gaps. i just hope they start adding more updates asap and this doesnt just end up a dead game cant wait to see whats next!
Promising start to what could very well become a great skateboarding game. Very light on content at Early Access release, but I'm hopeful for many updates in a timely manner. Also the modding community will likely add lots of content as well. If you want a complete finished game, this isn't there yet, but that is why early access exists. If you want to support the development and the developers make an awesome game, I highly recommend getting in on teh ground floor. I'm having fun playing so far, few glitches and bugs, and lack of polish you'd see in a finished game, but I'm glad I got it.  And to Easy Day Studios, keep up the good work, can't wait to see where this game goes from here, best of luck to your team.
Not quite worth $20 in content at the time of writing, but it feels really good so far. I see a lot of potential for the future of this game.
Easily, Skater XL is the future of skate games. Skate 4, as we all know, is never gonna happen, thankfully Skater XL has come along and boy can I say I already love it.  Im sure there are plenty of people who are gonna hate on the control scheme, but coming from a person who actually skates, I can confirm the controls make a huge amount of sense and are quick and easy to pick up. I'd go as far to say I prefer them over the Skate series.  The game looks great at the moment, animations lack in places but not bad by any means. The style and steeze is what I love the most. The fact that you have so much control over your board and can foot catch after flip tricks is sick ngl.  The map isnt huge, but its a real life skate spot full of ledges and other small things to skate, it allows for a good variety of tricks.  Sure the game isnt totally polished at the moment, and sure its small in its current state, but thats what Early Access games are. People need to remember that. This is our way of supporting the team, allowing them to create something great. I for one, have very high hopes for this game, and really wish to see it blossom into something great.
Really fun so far. So much potential. Very early stages still with only base mechanics to play with so I highly recommend purchasing to support the devs or wait until further update progression. Controls are a bit finicky and that would be my only complaint other then the tiny map size. If we could get fully customizable controls that would be amazing!
Skater XL's Controls seem very fluid and well developed despite other reviews, although buggy in some areas but that's what you pay for, give it atleast an half hour to get use to them, it has free flip somewhat like Sessions which is a step up from the Skate series imo, now I'm not trying to knock Session but this game in terms of animations is hell of alot smoother, it gives off abit of a Skate 1 vibe not being able to get off the board but I'm assuming that'll change, this does feel like a tech demo, it needs a few menu tweaks but seems very promising, the game might only give a few hrs of game time or less and you might stop playing but I can think of a 100 different lines on one rail and not get bored skating it, treat it as a tech demo as to putting your money down into something that could potentially end up being a Skate game we've been waiting for down the road, I was stoked by the footage and couldn't wait to play and it exceeded my expectations already, there's also a decent modding community adding in custom maps, textures from full character customization to board designs, adding in some replayability.
I freaking love it, I'm a big fan of the Skater.app and this is just amazing for me
It’s a great proof on concept. Please don't go in expecting a fully fleshed out and completed game because this is not that. It shows promise if the devs stick by it. The tricks are fun to pull off, similar to Skate except tricks require two sticks. Imo as someone who couldn't get into Skate and was a THPS purist, this is actually an improvement. The grinding semi works and is probably my biggest complaint. If you don’t land EXACTLY on the ledge or rail you fall off your board instantly. The graphics are the best any skating game has had so far, but considering the last game was 2010 that isn't a huge compliment. Devs if you are reading this, please keep expanding the open world or parks, and improving the physics of the game and this could be a huge hit. 
It is v e r y obvious that it's an early release game, the mechanics are really nice and definitely geared towards the realistic side. Everything else on top of that however is a bit subpar, such as the amount of content (currently, I mean it's day one so it's somewhat expected), UI, and optimization. You're kinda just stuck with what you get right now. For most people, I would recommend, but maybe in a month or two. However, if you're an actual skateboarder such as myself then you can enjoy this game for a while, if you aren't involved in the skating community then it might not be for you, at least not yet.  There is also a slightly high skill floor to this game, as it takes about 20-30 min to understand the controls enough to feel somehwhat comfortable, however at the same time I suspect that there can be a high skill ceiling to this game as well since there is more freedom in mechanics, and not necessarialy a predetermined list of tricks you can do.  I believe that this game has a lot of potential if Easy Day brings frequent updates as time goes on and they understand the player base a bit better.   
Easily the best, and most realistic skate game on the market now.
Extremely preliminary review, but this game is great fun if you're into skateboarding and enjoy the repetition of getting that one trickor line just right. The area is not too small, but lacks a bit in obstacles and skateable objects, the controls are fairly intuitive, but do require some work, as they are a bit twitchy and don't always do what you try to do.  The price is a bit steep, but the game will surely grow in scope and content over time.   This game is not for everyone, but those who are skateboarding nerds will likely find this a satisfying little, well polished tech-demo that hopefully will become bigger and better as time goes on.
Excellent Skateboarding game that is far ahead of competitors. While the level is pretty small, I'm hoping modding will be available to add more maps until the devs can push out official content.
nice 
Best thing since the Skate series, if you are an actual skater, this is a must buy. once you get the controls down the possibilities are endless. Disclaimer: I am a skater and can have fun skating the same ledge for hours, mastering each trick. If you dont skate I could see how the map it comes with would seem lacking.
GREAT JOB BOIS. Really like the way you guys went about this game. Of course there are a few bugs here and there but thats what early access is and that is what we are here for. Its not as easy as the Skate franchise and can definetly find different ways to play. I am so impressed with the mechanics and am so excited to see what maps you guys design. Kudos.
I havent played much with this game but as a skater I like the way that this game took. I like how you move your skater around and do tricks you can add style even to your tricks. (one foot catch tre flip best!!).  If the developers keep updating this game fix some weird some stuff like fall every time when you hit an object with even a little speed I think that game has the chance to become one of the greatest skate game ever. Good luck devs! I wait for the updates
Fun game especially if you are bored and just want to mess around . Although there are some bugs in this game I understand as this is still a new release game but somehow I still enjoyed it and would hope to see if they can add a multiplayer to it aswell as add maps such as an actual skatepark and maybe some other charaters / or skins instead of just being the same black t-shirt guy as if u check the image of Skate XL shows a white t-shirt guy or best is allow us to create our own character :D ... uhh.... idk(correct me if I'm wrong) ..... anyway 10/10 awesome game for me.  FYI waited for the release of this game !!
Six big recommendations for the developers.  1. "Magnetic" ledges and rails too help with grinding 2. Collision physics need improved as falling when you bump into anything gets old 3. If you want to keep the "new" control scheme add a stance boolean so that the left stick always controls the front foot and vice versa as trying to play as a goofy rider is just too difficult  4. Camera angle needs to be higher 5. Add a settings option for skate like controls 6. Ability to get off your board and walk around  update. 1. More maps 2. Collision physics need improved as falling when you bump into anything gets old 3. If you want to keep the "new" control scheme add a stance boolean so that flicking in a kickflip direction always will do a kickflip 4. Camera angle needs to be higher 5. Add a settings option for skate like controls 6. Ability to get off your board and walk around
got about 20 minutes in so far so this won't be super informed.   but honestly, great job so far! plays like skate with a few improvements to general movement, and to be completely frank the skating feels a little tighter than the skate games once you get used to it. transitioning on to objects is still a little wonky, especially on curbs. it's also pretty easy to hit something and fall off the board when just riding, or trying to do tricks.   i don't know if it's just me but the character's default stance is weird? he looks like he's about to take a shit in his pants. but that might just be a personal thing. also i know this will probably be expanded as the game develops, but for 20 bucks the map feels a little sparse.  i'm really excited to see where this goes, and I think y'all hit on something awesome!!
This game has so much potential. Feels and plays really well. grind and slides on ledges are grind of weird though. often you can lock into a slide/grind without actually being locked into anything and you just kinda hover/slide over the obstacle. Obv the game is a little buggy being so new but overall seems super solid. Doing tricks is challenging and rewarding. I look forward to seeing the full completed version. This game "could" rival the EA skate series in terms of realistic skateboaring.
This game has heaps of potential so hopefully now with this current price point it continues to get better.  The only thing we can hope for is that the Dev team are open about future plans and include a roadmap with realistic timeframes.
This game is so much fun! If you enjoyed skate then you will love this! The mechanics are a bit werid to get use to, because you have to turn with the triggers and then each stick controllers a foot so trying to get some lines togther where way harder than i though it would be, but once you get it then you can bust out some mad tricks!!   The only downside to the game at the moment  is that there is only one area to skate and its mostly just ledges and that you cant switch your skater to goofy but other than that its great.  Can wait till to see what happens with this game :D
for $20? its dope
Still alot more work to do. It is Early Access but yeah more features please plus the movement is tacky, and the tricks is hard to do but ince you got it its satisfying. Lastly, just do the controls like in Skate 3. Thank you for making this game. hope to see the improvement in the near future. Good luck
Already switch flip switch manny'ed the stage. Take that CRob!  The game is beautifully broken, but yet so much fun. Aleary the best skateboarding game PC has had. Cannot wait for more content. A must buy.
Fucking loving it!!! Just wish you could get off your board, it would be easier to go up the stairs, but fuck this game is awesome, EA skate is nothing now compared to this... Most tricks look realistic enough, but hey its still in early access, I waited all night up to get it hahah If your a skater, and I mean a true skater, not a wannabe, then this for you!!! OH and you wannabes, stop wearing thrasher if you don't skate!! hahaha
I'm no expert on skateboarding games, but i am already in love with this one. The controls feel smooth, grinding rails feels proper and controllable, flips are doable and intuitive(at least the basic ones that i figured out).  But the constant driving into a small obstacle that kicks the avatar off the board is getting on the nerves, you play as a pushover, it seems, haha. And sometimes after getting off the rail, avatar doesn't want to accelerate, takes a painfully long time for him to start pushing the board forward, would be nice if tapping would fix this or some other mechanic/fix you want to implement. Oh, and it's not really intuitive on how to get into manuals, it seems to want to ollie most of the time, i take it you have to really ease in on the stick for it to work, but this requires more practice on my part. Other edits: 1) Please add walking, that's a must. :O 2) Not gonna use trigger turning because it's haaaaaard and thankfully it seems sticks turn just as good, so not really a problem, your choice, i guess. Triggers are good for doing 360s and stuff tho, which i assume is what they were intended for, and getting off rails, but i didn't figure this one out, even tho manual shows it as an option.  Also, it's built on Unity, so there's that. Other than that, looking forward to new maps and other stuff you want to implement, thank you, developers, this game was a big surprise, came out of nowhere, haha!  Godspeed!
Amazing
to be clear there isnt alot here, but what you are paying for is a proof of concept on the mechanic, i wish there were more levels or a little more varied one but so far the foundation of the game here is really nice. the controls though a little strange at first really offer a stylish approach to skating that i hadnt felt even in skate or any other skateboarding game. i think it should be a tad cheaper for what is here currently though its a relatively steep for a single stage and just free skate, but i wanted to support what this is because i really hope they make something special out of it. if there is one thing we need on pc its a skateboarding game.  pros:  runs well on i7 7700k gtx 1070 controls are solid once you get used to them it looks nice though very bare bones in turns of enviroment  proof of concept  middle of the road No music but thats not the worst thing id say at a point in every skating game i put my own on anyway  cons its a single stage there is no trick indicator or mechanic in place to tell you what you did very limited graphical adjustment no grab tricks yet or underflip or darkslide type moves  high price for whats currently there  i hope it doesnt come off as negative really the problem it has in its current state is this should be released as a demo and not a $20 dollar product but i want to see it through and i feel like thats whats really being paid for here is the future 
Skater XL has beginnings of a great game. Controls are intuitive and once you get ahold of them, you can do a lot of fun stuff. As expected, right now Skater XL doesn't have much to offer, but I'm seeing a lot of potential seeing as it's already a lot less janky than it's competitors gameplay-wise. Board control is smooth and movements have a bit of weight to them, as they should. Animations are a tad stiff at times, but nothing some polish won't fix. Player model looks quite dated, but it works as a placeholder.  All in all, if you're looking to buy a game - wait for a full release. If you're looking to invest into skateboarding greatness Skater XL might bring - grab your wallet ASAP!
In my short time playing this game, I can say I definitely had a lot of fun messing around with the mechanics of the game and learning stuff that the tutorial didn't show. This game was made for skaters. When you work so hard to pull off a trick, when you finally land it - it feels rewarding. Tip: Pressing select will reset your stance at your marker.  Some minor gripes that I am sure will be fixed over time, having to respawn at your marker after every fall is kind of annoying when you reach the other side of the map, no walking (yet, hopefully), not being able to use X for push when in switch stance and the size of the map. For a game that costs $20 for one small map, it may deter newcomers from purchasing.   These gripes aside, can't wait to see what the Early Access build of Session will be like compared to this. The control scheme is fairly the same, but the foot catch mechanic in this game is way too much fun.
Not bad for an early access release. The mechanics for the board and controls are well developed. Can't wait for what they have planned for an actual release with more content. Lots of bugs/clipping in this early access, but you can still skate around and figure out the controls.
Well after my first sesh of [u]many[/u], i gotta say it has some things i loved about the original Skate 2 and Skate 3.... It takes the learning curve from Skates analog stick flicking and adds its own twist to make it feel even more realistic! It isn't perfect.... But I am excited to see what these guys can do with enough time and support :)
ehmegerd, steezy treyflips!
The current amount of content in this game [b]DOES NOT[/b] justify a $20 price, but the developer's previous mobile game 'Skater' was well worth the $5. They are excellent developers and I wholeheartedly trust them to make a full game from this.  The gameplay is already enjoyable, but please do not buy this now expecting $20 of content. This is meant as an investment for hardcore THPS/Skate fans, like the Project Session kickstarter.   EDIT: There's now a huge modding community making maps, scripts, character customization, editors, scripts and more on a daily basis. Someone modded in Tampa, which automatically makes it worth the money I paid.
I changed my mind.
I ran into a glitch when switch    https://youtu.be/t7PeUN89KXA   But over all i really love the feel of this game and i really hope in a few years you guys can make the map huge, get off your board, add people walking about, dark slides, skate as a girl and much more with cool updates.. I hope for the best.. We need something to become skate 4.
THIS MF IS LIT !!!  PERIOD   !!!! #RETIRE
I'm keeping it positive because I want it to grow and become something more. Currently it's not great, but the premise is exciting. If the body movements, camera angles and board control gets improved it'll become a no brainer purchase.   In the end, more competition is better, and to see how this feeds off Session and vice versa in the future should make Skate fans happy.
My most favorite track is Sado's Theme!
Jonah has done it again! One of my favorite soundtracks in The Hex. 
story:7.5/10 character:8.5/10 CG:8/10 system:7.5/10 bgm and music:8/10 at all:8.5/10 its cheap so i think its worth to try this game [Spoiler]蕾娜>夏樹>佩岑>結衣[/spoiler]
nice story
Well I'm not entirely sure about the tags. I've speedrun 2/3s of the game without reading dialogue just to try find out if the tags are applicable.... Not really.  Also I'm trying to decompile the .exe so I can create an unofficial english translation. Someone tell me how to decompile the exe and then decompile the asar.
Extra spooky pack for 9 dollah. You can also buy DLC for the original game but I don't think im allowed to say that.
It's Halloween gimmicks but I love Halloween gimmicks~! UwU
nice dlc
Got this pack to support Klei, a great team in my opinion :)
I'm supporting Klei with every ounce of my wallet. :>
A short, cute and funny game! You are the Frog Detective looking for a ghost on an island. It's a little bit like a click and point adventure in first person. Chirpy tunes, cute art, friends to meet, silly fun dialogue and simple game play.
Fun little game about a Frog Detective and A Haunted Island that Ends with a Dance-Off!  Definitely had fun playing this and the humor is definitely there and front-and-center.  Cannot wait for more Frog Detective games to be released, I will be playing them as soon as I can!
I'm not sure how I stumbled across this game, but I'm extremely happy that I did.   It was a rather enjoyable time. It reminded me of the movie Fantastic Mr. Fox in a way, although that could be due to "HOW" I was playing it. The characters are rather enjoyable, the story was very easy that anyone could follow along.   Although a little short, and the game has a few flaws, I think it leaves you with a sense of happiness and a smile on your face.  Here's my voiced play through.   https://www.twitch.tv/videos/426906094  "From here to there, be righteous Everywhere"  - SimplyRed
Fun short game
This is how LA Noire should have been.
hmmmm frog!!
the only significant rival to the ace attorney series.  can't wait for the sequel :)
A charming little adventure game that you buy because you want to support charming little adventure games, not because you expect $1 per hour of bang for your buck like you would for a studio game.
I've never spent 15 minutes laughing at a starfish before. Now I did. It was wonderful.   Short and absolutely worth it.  I can't wait to play the next "Frog Detective" game.
1. A lovely little game. Just my kind of humour. 2. Frog is cute. 3. It has sloth in it.
Amazing, funny, and charming, loved the creative liberties. the dry, sarcastic humor was amazing, Honestly was a very wholesome experience and all around good time. Can't wait for the second one.
The graphics settings made me laugh so hard I couldn't start the game for like 5 mins. I spent the rest of the game with a big smile on my face as the characters and the art style were so charming. I do really wish it was longer though.
Cute little game and a fun, relaxing way to spend an hour. Can't wait to play the next one!
💙💙💙💙🖤  "Genuinely cute simple VERY SHORT game with amusing writing and fun visuals."
the frog detective rivals the depth and complexity of the ace attorney series HIGHLY recommended
A cool game made by 3 people. Easy to play, funny to read. But beware, one of the character explains how to make a dangerous weapon: please don't do this at home!
9/10
This is a really cute game. It's a "this for that and that for this" type of game, there isn't much exploring to do but the dialog between characters is funny in a dry humor way. Considering this was made by one person, it's pretty damn good. The art style is lovely and overall the game will entertain you for about 45 mins. This might be a good game for a kid just getting into gaming or someone to just enjoy a well made game. If you're into a character interaction driven game, you'll be really satisfied with this. While I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would, it was still a fun game and I liked it a lot for what it is. The character design is really awesome, almost reminiscent of Animal Crossing. I look forward to a sequel because I think this type of game is exceedingly rare and deserves to have more opportunity to flourish.
it is a wonderful little game. Yes it does really have a detective "feel" to it, but not in a crazy AAA way.  It is mostly concentrated on jokes, it is jammed with silly jokes that will make you laugh, but not crazy laugh like AAA, just laugh like indie laugh, you know, like when you hear a good joke, but it's not a famous stand-up comedian, but a bartender instead, and you actually like that bartender, and it's a good joke, and so you laugh, but not crazy laugh like AAA.  I hope you get it. It's a good game, you should buy and try it. It will make you laugh for an hour, but not crazy laugh though.
Hilarious, absurd adventure starring a frog - what's not to love? Loveable characters, just a shame it's so short = can't wait for the next one!
Short and sweet! Very funny and can't wait for the sequel!
Awesome little indie title, very funny, awesome writing. Loved it.
This game was really short and kinda stupid, and I think that makes this game pretty neat.
[h1] Adventure, Distilled [/h1]  Check out the full video breakdown on [url=https://youtu.be/CbzIViCEvrw] 2 Headed Hero! [/url]  The Haunted Island is basically the adventure game equivalent of a children’s book. And that’s a good thing – growing up with adventure games not only helped me with reading comprehension, but it also helped teach me how to ask questions, solve problems, and approach different personalities. It’s clear that this title takes aim at younger audiences, but there’s still an appetizer of innocent fun here for kids of any age.   The Haunted Island costs the same amount as a large coffee, and that’s a small price to pay for a member of a new generation to take interest in a long-standing category of gaming goodness. I wholeheartedly give this one a big waggle of my head-bone.
This game is worth every penny! It's nice to have a game that's not a hard core puzzle game, a walking sim, or super avant garde. This is a light puzzle element game that's really there to accent the ridiculousness and the humor in the game. The writing for this game had me giggling so many times over and just genuinely interested in talking to everyone to experience it. This is coming from someone who is SUPER prone to saying "booooring, let's fight!" Even the comedic timing is perfect in this game. Short and sweet! ABSOLUTE YES : If you need a good uplifting chuckle and aren't afraid to love. Not for: People who hate experiencing joy
After recording my playthrough for this, all I can say, is thank you.   This game is short and sweet (less than an hour) and the characters are so wonderful. I still find myself wondering if Mo and MysteryMonkey ended up hitting it off (tried sweetening the deal and gave Mo the win, but I guess we'll just have to see!).  The art in the game is so simple, yet in itself, that's what makes the game so much more entertaining. It's not simple bad, it's simple as in you like to think a few friends thought of this as a joke one day, and one of them just had the time and heart to actually make it.   The game is well worth the cost, and well worth the time. I just wish it had it's own steam cards, but that's no fault of the creators (I need a Mo background for my profile ok?).   Now, the hard part is going to be waiting for the next release. I'm a sucker for continuations especially with games I actually enjoy, so I'm gonna have to try and pay close attention to the store here, and you should too!  Oh btw, no there aren't any issues with graphics, or any game issues at all actually. It's a well oiled machine to be quite honest.   Now then,   Go solve that mystery Detective!            the cringe in that ending why do I write reviews I'm only gonna read fml
The Haunted Island, a Frog Detective Game was super cute! Like reading a storybook before bed, but with more dancing, and jokes about slime. Loved the colourful (literally and figuratively) low-poly characters. It was a fun plot, with witty banter, and music/opening number reminiscent of some hard-boiled '70s thrillers. Looking forward to the next chapter!
THIS WAS BEAUTIFUL AND I LOVED IT!!!!!! I'm like so glad this game exists it made me very (!!!) happy!! This is definitely the best game ever made probably it had a FROG!!!!! I LOVE FROGS!!!!!
Pretty good Short story Detective game,  IMHO the ending should have been better if {SPOILERS} you would have came out of the came alone realizing you were talking to a ghost all along. I enjoyed this game as it was peaceful, no campers , no getting sniped 300m..you get the point haha just simple relaxing atmosphere
two of my friends and i played this game together and voiced all the different characters. it is the most fun i've had in ages and i'm definitely looking forward to the next mystery.
I wish I could be as cool as frog detective. Also there is a koala character 10/10
This game made my heart happy. Will be eagerly awaiting the next one.
Love it. Only problem I have with it is that there isn't enough of it. There really isn't very much of it, to be frank, but it is definitely worth 4€! I'm really looking forward to more games of Grace Bruxner, and more chapters of [i]Frog Detective[/i]!
Simple, funny and charming. Wish there was more. Heard more was happening. Excited for more.
I was looking for the Lobster Detective Game but this was pretty good too.
I've been on steam for around 8 Years and i've never written a review, but this game was so nicei just had to, here it is:  Very nice game 10/10.    :)
Best $5 I've ever spe-  "IM NOT MAKING THE NOISES"   
This is a beautiful fun little game obviously made with direction and love for the world they are creating.  I really enjoy the soft palette of colors used for the environment and the borderless art style *no black outlines*.  Background music was relaxing but playful. The characters all had emotion and conveyed their traits well both in how they talked and their body language.   this is a gem in my book.   PLAYS WELL ON MY TOASTER!!! plus side for anyone with a lower end computer like me!
a funny and quirky little game, very cool
Adorable, wholesome, funny, short and sweet. For when you're feeling down.
Just delightful :)
this game is, by far,  the greatest game to ever be produced on this planet. not only is it genuinely funny, buT the animation style IS unparalleled compared to any other game on the market at this time. MysteryMonkey is a hero and shaped the way i will continue to live my life for the future. everyone GO PLAY THIS GAME.
It's short and cheap and cute and fun! Maybe don't watch the trailers as they show a decent chunk of the game.
The graphics options are the lyrics to Low by T-Pain
love these characters
Very silly, very short, and now I'm gonna go throw all of my books into the ocean, from whence they came.
very good frog detective game besides the fact that the magnifying glass cursor doesn't work in the dialogues
its a FROG and hes a DETECTIVE. whats up with that HAHA. wanna have sex with it
Cool!
Thank you Grace Bruxner for a very clever game that made me feel smart and good at game and detective frog. I can not wait for the sequel. Please do not read any further in this review if you wish to avoid spoilers.  Spoilers: I picked Mouse winner.
this game is lovely and I would recommend it to anybody
I like frogs. I like haunted islands. I like doing detective work. All things that can be found here, in Grace Bruxner's excellent Frog Detective game. It's short and sweet, and that's how I like it.
Very fun and stylized with a great atmosphere and soundtrack. I really enjoy the short but sweet nature of the game and can't wait for the next installment in the series!
This is a cute game about being a Frog Detective. It is rather short, so I'd strongly recommend to get it on sale, but it's fun and lighthearted. The dance competition scene is so cute.
Nice, short game, with quality visuals and game play. Funny story elements make it even better. Would highly recommend for anyone looking to play a calm, enjoyable, quirky game.
Very silly and very entertaining. It has replay value to me because the dialog is so clever. I'm looking forward to the next Frog Detective game.
I love this game!
Best detective game ever 10/10
This was actually very funny.
Pretty sure I just played a game by a Wes Anderson character.
Having previously experienced Grace Bruxner's earlier interactive dioramas Alien Caseno and The Fish Market I bought this straight away and have not been disappointed. The ideas and design are utterly charming. It's a short experience but a satisfying one.
Just like my dick, short but great with my girlfriend
very nice game :)
This is a delightful little game, and I loved it. Grace has been really up-front about the fact that this game is really short. Even taking my time I got 100% completion in under an hour. Know that before you buy. I, and a lot of other people, have really enjoyed that hour.  This game is as confident in its sense of humour as that frog is when they're strutting on the load screen, and I really hope that this eventually becomes a whole series.
Funnnnnn.
I've been on the lookout for cute games ever since untitled goose game and animal crossing for switch was announced. I came across this game on twitter (@_wholesomegames), and oh man am I in love. For such an adorable storyline and animation, and the perfectly awkward dialogue, it's well worth the 5 dollars. It just feels like all the characters are my anxiety personified, and I love it. I will completely die of happiness when the sequel comes out.
Books have no place in my society
Wholesome, humorous, a good bit of fun wrapped up in a single sitting play session. Looking forward to more adventures with Detective Frog.
gr8
sooo cute but a little overpriced
We're in a period of the games industry where cute, charming, and lighthearted games are either solely made by Nintendo or small independent developers. Frog Detective falls into the latter. Despite it's short length, it managed to be endearing and uplifting. Like one of those old child-centric point & click games from the 90s based on kid-friendly cartoons such as The Bernstein Bears. It tells a cute story, characters are friendly, and it's more about leaving a feel-good vibe than trying to match wits with Moriarty.  This is exactly what I was hoping it'd be, so Grace absolutely nailed her delivery. Even the couple of groan-worthy jokes made me laugh, perhaps especially those since they're often looked down upon by some people. I hope there will be another fun Frog Adventure down the road, or something even better. Although imagining something better than a polite frog solve mysteries is quite a difficult task.
not as good as the lobster cop series but still pretty good!
This game was worth 5SGD to me, even if it was only 0.6 hours long. Not a lot of games break my $1/1hr rule, and this one manages it. It has a lot of heart.  Gameplay: Yes? Story: Got spooked Performance: 1150 FPS (real value) Secret man in the woods: [REDACTED]
Cute microgame. I had fun.
I found this game, even with its childish presentation, was amazing. I quite enjoyed its funny and cute characters with their bizzare needs and can't wait to play the next game! I think that it is an approrpriate length for its price though.
This game has some of the cutest characters I've seen since Animal Crossing! The enjoyable style of this game doesn't stop with the character design either. The personality put into this game is very refreshing. From the socially awkward characters, to the cinematic cut away revealing a self inserted character breaking the fourth wall in the middle of a conversation among the characters dialouge, This game has more personality and charm than anything else the industry has offered since the release of Overwatch.   However, aside from the cute aesthetic of this game, I have some complaints about it. The creative potential that Grace Bruxner has demonstrated with this game only makes me frustrated that this game is so short and simple. If these characters weren't so static and the gameplay was more experimental, this could have easily been one of the most memorable indie games of 2018. I'm really looking forward to the next title in the series and hoping that Grace really allows her ideas to flesh out into a game with much more substance.
Very short, sweet and charming game. Would definitely reccomend if you have an hour spare. I hope to play more games by this creator in the future :)
I really like frogs. Frogs are my favorite animal. For this reason, I also like games with frogs. Most games with frogs are awesome because I like frogs so much. But even in most games with frogs, you cannot be a FROG DETECTIVE. In this game, you can! It's a game with a frog. You are the frog. And you're the detective. A frog detective! How awesome is that? What's more, the main character, who as I mentioned is a frog detective, is a really awesome frog. He's a detective that solves really hard cases, and doesn't shy away from getting his frog hands dirty when a sheep's wool needs to be cleaned or a cave needs to be blasted open by explosives. For all of these reasons, I really liked this game. But mostly because you can be a frog detective.
A fun little adventure. Has a sense of humor, and doesn't overstay its welcome. I enjoy the fact that it's only an hour long, it's a great game to start and finish before bed, if you're not feeling up to diving into a bigger adventure. Comfy art style and atmosphere.
A great relaxing game I'd been looking forward to playing since it was announced, a charming art style paired with lovable characters and fun little easter eggs made for a thoroughly enjoyable playing experience. The only bad thing about this game is how short it was, at about 45 minutes, but it teases Frog Detective's return at the end, so i'm not really mad about it.  
I was super spooked, but had a great time learning about the deep lore of the island!
The game is really short, but it's a treat to play. Hilarious writing.
This cutesy, creative game is worth the price of $4.99. You play as a frog who is a detective, and what's better, you get to solve mysteries of course! The subtle bits of humor (and also the little easter eggs if you can find them) only add more to the experience. I highly recommend this game if you're looking for something cheap, quick to finish, and pleasing to the eye.
Charming, wonderful, and hilarious
Very short, but very sweet. If you like simple adventures that play more to the strengths of the characters and their dialogue, this is a fun little game that is guaranteed to make you smile.
This game is charming and funny
Short-form adventure game. The Haunted Island is laugh-out-loud funny, and I mean that literally. My roommate had to ask me to be quiet I was laughing so much. One bit made me laugh so much I had to go for a little walk to calm down. I laughed a lot is what I mean.  Go and play this and then get all your friends to play it too.
Very nice little game, made me smile. Bought after reading an article on rock paper shotgun, and I can't wait for the next frog detective game :)
The best mystery game since FRUIT MYSTERY BY BRETT T GRAHAM, but also ultra charming and joyous.
Charmingly funny. I can't wait for more Frog Detective adventures.
Although I finished this game in under an hour, I had a blast! - The dialouge and the intriguing mystry of the island had me on the edge of my seat. The Haunted Island feels like a game you played with your toys when you were a child, it has such a wholesome quality that is rare in today's industry. I can't wait for the sequel!
I believe you can beat 10:02, it's a pretty slow time anyways.
Short and positively lovely.  Goofy but well written characters make The Haunted Island a place you should definitely visit.
So yeah, this game is very short, but the length is inversely proportional to how delightful it is!  The simple art style is amusing and there are some pretty good jokes in here.  Plus sweet dance moves at the end.  It kind of makes me think if a Decembeween episode of Homestar Runner was playable. 
An amazingly wholesome experience, with the only possible caveat being that it's a bit on the short side. Recommended to young and old alike.
This game made me laugh out loud a lot while playing it.. It was very adorable and I look forward to the next installment!
A really wholesome game with really wholesome characters and humour. It's pretty short, can be completed in maybe 15-20 minutes, but its really worth the money in the end.
[h1]The Haunted Island, a Frog Detective Game on PC / Steam   7/10 Old Skool Point and Click [/h1]  [h1]Too simple, too short and too light[/h1] Very happy point and click; nothing broken here but lacking by 2018 standards. For beginners only. Seasoned point and click adventurers will need something with more beef.  Want a genuine Old Skool experience? [url=store.steampowered.com/search/?snr=1_4_4__12&term=sam+and+max] Check out all the Sam & Max series by Telltale. [/url]  [h1] Hardcore is you Middle Click name?  Check out “The Hex”[/h1] [url=store.steampowered.com/app/510420/The_Hex/]The Hex[/url]  January 2019 NB: I played offline for about 1 hour. (I am on Satellite) myBrain XP: z-interpreter Infocom (many), Sam and Max (all), Telltale (all), lots of HOG, Zorks, Mysts, etc.... yeah I have been there and done that.
Short and sweet. Can't wait for more!
Actually just so good
Really fun and enjoyable!
I would highly recommend this game. Pros: Great UI Amazing Character Design Great dialogue Fun mystery Interesting plot  Cons: Extremely short, I finished it in about 30 minutes.  The game is great, but be warned it is very short.
Such a cute little game that made me chuckle from start to finish.
Hopefully your next game is a bit longer. Looking forward to solving the case of the invisible wizard.
I bought this game because I like frogs, what I got was a funny short detective game with loads of hilarious scenarios which kept me chuckling through-out; you should totally buy this game, I had a great time playing it.
A very good game about my friend Frog Detective
Adorable, silly experience. The perfect gift for your fave 6-8 year old kid.
This game is short, sweet and funny. If you are in a bad Mood, pick it up, have your fun looking at the funny Models, the nice Dialogue and have a good Time. Definitely worth 4 bucks. Looking forward to the next Case!
Really great game, had lots of fun playing it and can really recommend. The artstyle is hilarious and the dialogues too, I'm   really looking forward to the next case. :=D
A quick trip around the island but nonetheless a charming game with interesting characters!
A verry funny game. I laught at many times ;)
So freakin lovable. Thats just a fact.
Wonderful, funny and cute little game, well written. Can't wait for the next case
Twists and spooks abound!
This game has a cute and charming art style and quite a few funny jokes. Definitely worth $5.00. The Frog's blog on the game website is a nice touch.
A masterpiece!!!
This game was adorable. I love the craft of the island, and the funny dialogue. A very enjoyable hour of play, and I look forward to the Frog Detective's next adventure!
Solid GOTY 2018 candidate. Why play Red Dead Redemption 2 when I can hang out with all these people (well, animals...) in the island?
Best game, would play again
A minimalistic, family-friendly game with well-executed humor and charming characters. It is quite short, but worth a buy on sale or not.
Super cute game, great writing and art design. I totally love small weird indie games like this, it's refreshing to have a game I can complete in under an hour. After playing this I checked out Grace Bruxner's other games on Itch.io and loved them. Hope a sequel gets made, I'm dying for more Frog Detective adventures!
This game opened my eyes up to the uselessness of books.
Well, this 1 hour game was of a top quality, giggled at every second dialogue line!
A bit short, but a cute, goofy little game. I look forward to the next adventure! :D
Charming, fun and cut! I had been following this game for a little while and was thrilled when it came out. I love the game's low poly styleand I can't wait for the next installment!
Short and cute.
Gave me the spooks
This is a very nice game with a surprise ending. Nice dialogue. Short but sweet.
A charming puzzle game made by a few people.  Cons: Very short (they weren't kidding), and very light gameplay.
This game really makes you [b]feel[/b] like Detective Frog
This game is a gem and I can't wait for what future brings from this gamedev. That said, I do wish the game had more than "just" talking to characters and getting items from them.   Otherwise I really liked it!
this game is absolutely lovely. I had a smile on my face the whole time. I'm super excited to see what else Grace will come up with next! only complaint is that I wish it were longer!!! even still you get your money's worth. :)
The Haunted Island, a Frog Detective Game is a short first-person mystery game where you play as, of course, a frog detective. I attended Fantastic Arcade in Austin, Texas in October and had the chance to watch a game demo presentation from the developer, Grace Bruxner. Hearing her talk through the game in person was really fun in it of itself, and playing the game soon after, it was clear that this game is very much an extension of Bruxner's humor and silly personality.   The Haunted Island, a Frog Detective Game is weird and adorable, it doesn't take itself super seriously. This game only takes about an hour to beat, so it's worth taking your time to find every detail and have every conversation.  See full review: https://www.sleepytoadstool.com/reviews/the-haunted-island-a-frog-detective-game-2018
A sweet, short, wonderful game. I was having a grumpy day but this game made me smile. 10/10
Loved it, haven't got the 'Tried to leave' achievement, why would I try to leave!?
Absolutely charming little experience, well worth the asking price for the amusement. Delightfully odd sense of humor and lovely cartoony style.
It's a short game (about an hour), but the graphics and story are adorable. The conversations between characters is pretty funny, which made it all the more enjoyable. Defintely worth the $5 I paid for it, and I look forward to the next one.
"COOL FEATURES -a frog"  Enough to sell me.
Short cute relaxing game! If you want to kick back and relax it's worth it.
Great game! Really funny and well worth the price tag.
It's short, sweet, and the most FUN I've had playing a game in quite a while. An absolute gem, and undoubtedly worth the cost of entry.  "It feels real in my heart."
It's a fine day for frog detecting. Pick up your magnifying glass and get investigating!
Frog Detective is my GF (good frog)
we stan larry
[h1]Heart-warmingly sweet and goofy short adventure[/h1]  I admit it, I was sold by the gameplay trailer and the artstyle alone.  I urge you to check the trailer and see if you like the lighthearted and slightly absurd humor, because I think that's the main course of the game. The simple and innocent yet amusing dialogue somehow reminded me of Telltale's [i]Sam & Max[/i] games (just without the dark humor), which is a rather huge compliment to it already.  Shame it's less than one hour long (like advertized), but that's just because I'd have loved for it to have lasted a bit longer.  [h1]Charming story of mysteries and misunderstandings[/h1]  It's a mystery adventure in 1st person. As the Frog, the second best detective of the agency, you go and study the claims of ghost activity on a remote island.  There's a bunch of quirky ghost scientists, with the silliest, cutest personalities. Talking works through traditional topic picks, each of which invariably results in an amusing string of dialogue.  Magnifying glass is a rather useless gimmick, unfortunately. At least you can zoom in on things for warped screenshots.  Despite the theme (ghosts), there are no horror elements and you may expect a happy ending. In fact, like [url=https://steamcommunity.com/id/sub_o/recommended/963000/]another reviewer[/url] put it, every encounter brought a smirk on my face.  Like any adventure game ever, it's got puzzles. They are all easy find&fetch quests, with at most two steps, so don't expect a challenge.  [h1]Conclusions: get it for the smiles[/h1]  My playthrough was about 50 minutes and I was happy despite paying full price (€4) for it. And that's something.  As for Steam features, all but one achievement are story-based. The one that isn't, can be guessed.  My only qualms are its short length and easy puzzles.  [h1]On sale or full price, it's a feel-good game with lighthearted humor that I bet you will love.[/h1]  [url=http://store.steampowered.com/curator/9997062/]~Twistorian Curator~[/url]
imagin game were u r frog  it is great game, righT?  now imagne u cn mak that reality  now u can!  buy this game for frog mystery!
Not for the feint of heart. True grit, crime-solving action.  INTERROGATE WITNESSES. CONSTRUCT EXPLOSIVES. PROPERTY DAMAGE.   MURDER??????   Find out in this spiritual successor to L.A. Noire.
A very enjoyable and relaxing game. I liked the dialogue, I liked the characters, and I loved the dancing. I am certainly looking forward to the next frog detective case!
this might be the best game i ever played in my entire life
This is just lovely. Short and sweet, playful and silly. I'm hoping for further mysteries for the Frog Detective to solve in the future.
I watched Jesse Cox play through this game and I loved it so much that I bought it just to support the devs. Then I had the brilliant idea to convince my non-gaming girlfriend to play it. Once I mentioned that it's about a sloth who lives on an island and can't sleep because of ghosts, she was iike LET'S DO IT! As it turns out, she's a total pro at this game (got all the achievements and even found an easter egg that Jesse missed) and we had an amazing time. I can't wait for the next episode!
In love with this game, super cute and has a unique innocence I found oddly comforting. Great soundtrack. Finished in under an hour and will definitely buy the next one.
A very good frog in a fun short game. Also he has a magnifying glass.
A lovely little thing
So sweet and delightful a game! Music is awesome, no glitches, and tons of effort was put into all sorts of visual extras in the game! I loved every moment of playing it!
A sweet treat! Full of fun friends to meet! :0)
Utter delight of a game. Super charming, funny, and a real joy to play.
I love this game. It has a dry, bizarre sense of humour that I really appreciate. It is a little simple - the first case feels like a bunch of sidequests - but it has huge potential to be truly excellent. Eagerly awaiting more!
Sometimes, at a point of your life, you start wondering what's life is all about, aka having a midlife crisis. Then you realize how absurd the whole world and societies are, so the best way is to embrace the absurdity of it. And then you eat the whole bag of chicken nuggets in the kitchen.  The Haunted Island, a Frog Detective Game (trademark sign), is exactly what you need. A dumb cute game. It's good dumb, like cuddling with your loved ones or rubbing your nose against stranger's dog's nose while having a date on an up class restaurant.  The Haunted Island, a Frog Detective Game (trademark sign) is a very short game, but almost every single interaction (except the one where you choose the screen resolution, wait scratch that one too), makes you smile a bit. There's nothing complicated in gameplay sense, and some might just disparagingly call it walking simulator. well, it's more like cuteness simulator. But the absurdity is the reason why you keep pushing (for an hour or so, it's really short). Every character is cute in some way. Wanna talk with a crocodile / alligator (I'm a bigot) with great teeth? There's one there. How about a rat / mouse (again, I'm a bigot) with anxiety issues? It got your back.  Anyway, what I'm trying to say is. If you're like me, completely empty inside, and wanna feel some cutesiness in your life again, then try The Haunted Island, a Frog Detective Game (trademark sign).
10/10 dancing mouse 
Short and sweet.   This is a game that you'll likely smile the entirety of playing it, because the animals are very quirky -- both in appearance and in their dialogue. There were more than a few moments where I laughed out loud, and the game even accurately can convey awkward silences in a charming manner. There is no shortage of charm and personality here!   The gameplay is not difficult or even really remarkable: you're talking with animals, exploring an island, and finding clues to solve a spooky mystery....almost like a point and click adventure, but in first-person format. But I'm not complaining about the simplicity at all: in fact, it was the perfect way to spend a lunch break, reading this out loud and having fun with the minimal absurdity of the world. (Like pasta as an ingredient for explosives? Oh, yes!)  Looking forward to more from this team!   
This is an experience you just gotta try. I'm convinced I just played the afterthought to someone's dancing animation 3D modelling assignment, but that's okay. There's nothing spectacular about the gameplay itself, but it is fantastic in its own right. Looking forward to the next case—longer hopefully, but no less charming.
I haven't laughed at a game like this for a while. Nice.  You've got your animals, your mystery, and your spooky. What it says on the tin, or on the trailer in this case. If you like the trailer you will almost certainly like the game. It is very short and amusing.
Cute 'n short. Not much else to say really! Maybe a bit too dialogue heavy, but otherwise very enjoyable! There's some fun hidden stuff on the island as well.
Everything about this game is amazing! The art is great, the dialogue is funny, and the story is really cute and fun! This game has made me want to try my hand at making 3D models and helping my partner with games they make in the future!!
This was cute. That monkey can dance.
A pure joy. Laughed my way through the whole thing. A simple short game with some sharp wit. Perfect if you want some quick joy.
A life changing experience.
Splendidly silly game well worth the price for the graphics settings options menu alone. ❤️  Wry, obscure low poly animals ask for various objects from surprisingly literarily averse amphibian.   Simple cheery fun but definitely packs in the chuckles. A charming treat or a good game to come down off more intensive play sessions on sordid stuff!
very charming game. super peculiar sense of humor which i loved. the graphical options are described by the song "Low" by flo rida and t-pain. frog detective is the second best frog in the agency but first in my heart
funny, cute little game about a frog thats a detective that solves mysteries, (streamed it on twitch) it its just over an hour long. cant wait for the next game :3
frog
GOTY 2018 please make more
This wasn't amazing but it wasn't bad either. It was fine.
Cute, genuinely funny, and happy game. :D
Absolutely lovely. Straight-forward, funny, relaxing escapism with some excellent, well imagined characters. I'd happily have paid double. Pick this up and give your brain a treat.
I want to play Invisble Wizard case now that I finish the game. Also can't wait our detective frog to solve mystery of wearing a hat.
I adore the characters and writing in this universe - yes it is a very short game, but it was a perfect treat for my afternoon and my money feels well-spent since I hope to see more frog detective cases in the future!!
pleasant game. i enjoyed the alligator.
Super funny and cute. Not difficult. Defenitely an "E for Everyone" game.
Very funny and super charming!
PUzzle GAem? but... puzl maek SENSE???!? 10000/10 GOTY
Funny short game!
very cute game, I liked it a lot. only downside is I want more!!
Better than any useless book out there. 🐸🔎
MORE DETECTIVE WORK NEEDED
As part of my #NewGamesMonday stream over on my Twitch channel, we had the amazing oppurtunity to play and review this game. All I can say about this game, is that it is super endearing, great elements of comedy and adorable animations of all the characters, especially the ending ;) Highly recommend. 11/10 - IGN
This was a nice little adventure game with a cast of likable characters. I appreciated the originality and lack of pretentiousness, we need fun games like these.  The writing was fine, but the humor did feel forced at times. When it felt natural, it worked (like the joke about books or that sweet dance-off) but there were a number of times interactions were verging on 'lolrandom' type humor and it just didn't work. Even in a comedy game, you don't have to make your audience laugh at every exchange.  I felt like I took my time with this and it still only took me 30 minutes to complete 100%. I appreciate the developer being kind enough to notify that it's short, but even if you are a slow reader I can't see this taking you longer than 45 minutes.  Gets a recommendation from me, but I think $3 is a fairer price considering its length and lack of replay value.
Nice relaxing, fun experience. Loved the vibe of it
funny little game. A bit too short though
This game is an absolute delight. Short and sweet, 10/10!
this is a really good game where you are a frog detective and you can solve a mystery! you meet lots of people and ask them questions and sometimes they need something so you can help them get the thing that they need. there is a really important message about books which is good because books are important even though video games are more fun you can still read a book as well
This game improved my life substantially.
I fell in love with this game. I think I fell in love with Grace Bruxner. D-Tek is the frog we don't deserve, but the detective we need. Seriously, buy it. Play it. Experience it.
If there's one thing I love, apart from the thrill of pasta, It's The Haunted Island, a Frog Detective Game.
This was a fun little game to enjoy! It will only take an hour to play, but it is funny and filled with cute, charming characters. The story is quirky and the game is very entertaining.
Amazing game. I became invested in the characters very quickly, and was happy to help them achieve their dreams.
So cute and fun. I loved it, looking forward to a whole series!
a very cute game! i love it :)
a short, fun, incredibly charming little game
THIS GAME IS AMAZING (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧  Fun little narrative about the world hunkiest frog detective. Join this absoulte unit as he solves the worlds spookiest case.  Adorable art design, animation and story. The charaters are easy to connect with, this game is worth every penny! Keen for the next one. ヾ(〃^∇^)ﾉ
goty
I only heard about this game a week ago but I instantly knew that I needed to play it. It has everything I believe a good game should have: Frog detectives, simple art style, charming dialogue, fantastically smooth jazz, and dancing. I really enjoyed this game and reccomend it to anyone who enjoys a charming and relaxxing game. Though it only lasted abbout an hour, it had me smiling through the credits.
It was an incredibly charming game that made me laugh, as well as being a very relaxing play. The art style was super cute and it didn't take itself too seriously. Looking forward to the next case!  For just under an hour play time it is worth the £3.59.
An adorable and hilarious little game! I wish it had a setting to invert mouse Y, but other than that it's a 10/10
This was just too adorable. I loved every minute of it. There weren't MANY minutes, but they all brought a smile to my face. Worth every penny.
Not only did I solve the mystery of The Haunted Island, I also solved the mystery of what was missing in my life; this game!
This is a great game!  Funny and witty, with a quick breaking of the fourth wall ;)
Cute and short 30 minute light puzzle game. It's pretty funny and very charming. I'd love to play a full-length iteration some day!
Short interactive comedy game kind of like Jazzpunk, Gravity Bone, Lego Island, etc... The models are really nice and their animations have a nice fluidity. The dialogue is well written and the characters are quite memorable given the length of time you spend with them. Also chill vibes.
The Haunted Island is wonderfully wholesome. Frog Detective is a chipper fellow and his world is full of quirky characters and surreal creatures. The game itself is a very short walking sim with a few fetch quests and whimsical dialogs. It's not boring because you can cross the whole island in about 20 steps. That kind of makes it even more absurd because so many guys are packed in there, apparently unwilling to take 5 seconds to walk over and talk to the other ones. It's deliberately and delightfully gamey, and i love it. The music is great. The conversations are funny. Well worth your time. 
Very lovely, very spooky.
Frog detective was very good. It was short but it's also the price of a cheese burger and it was longer than that.  The writing is very wholesome and funny.   10 outta 10
I've been following it for a while and finally got to play it: It's everything I hoped for! It's the best 🐸🔎 game I've played to date!
Super fun game. It's pretty much all dialogues and they are hilarious.  A cast of quirky and cute characters to have fun with during 45 min.
This is a cute, hillarious, relaxing game. I laughed out loud several times while playing and I definitely reccomend it to anyone and everyone.
Frog Detective is a totally charming and fun adventure with cool characters that I loved to hang out with!! Really looking forward to The Next Case
A gleeful romp.  Like playing a cleverly written animated short.
this game is very nice. yep.
This is currently the best game that have ever came out, cant wait to hunt down the invisible wizard as the second greatest detective of all time
This is a very good game, some might say the best game... OF THE YEAR also ever. Buy this game for the best hour of your life. It's really refreshing to be able to sit down and play a game through in one sitting and laugh loads and have a great time!
A charming little adventure following Frog Detective's deeply philosophical and seat-gripping adventure on a haunted island (Lobster Cop is still not available). For those familiar with Grace Bruxner's other work, this is a lovely, fleshed out addition to the growing collection - to those uninitiated, welcome to your new fan club. Honestly, it's worth the small asking price for the chance to judge The Competition alone.  10/10 GOTY
this is the funniest game AND it has mega charm = 10/10 GOTY
I love it!!! it's so great
It's a fun dialogue-focused game that'll keep you engaged for a little under an hour. The island has a charming artstyle and lots of cute but inconsequential secrets to find.  I liked the writing -- it takes on a memey, naturalistic and self-aware style that a lot of games are taking on nowadays (think a looser, exaggerated Night in the Woods with more question marks). Sometimes this style frustrates me, but in Frog Detective it's restrained and idiosyncratic enough to avoid reading like somebody's Tumblr posts were dropped inside of a speech bubble. The dialogue is often very simple, and while none of the lines are gut-burstingly funny, they'll make you smile. To be honest, I got more of a laugh out of the frogdetective.net stories, and the botched English of the clipboards. I would have appreciated more of this kind of humour in this game.  The only gripe I have with the story is how loosely the characters' quirks tie together in the end. [spoiler]The dance party and the new photo on the detective's wall achieved this fairly well, but I would have appreciated seeing MysteryMonkey impressed by Mo's dancing (especially after I picked Mo as the winner) and the koala fulfilling his dream to zoom around on a boat using his magnet.[/spoiler] It sounds nitpicky, but small payoffs often make stories like this so warm, fuzzy and enjoyable for me.  The gameplay is a vehicle for more dialogue, and for that purpose, it works well and gets out of the way pretty quickly. I'm okay with this in visual novels, where the gameplay is literally a button to deliver dialogue, but in Frog Detective, the experience felt slightly hollow. I think my issue comes from the addition of movement without a jump button and the uselessness of the magnifying glass. The former is a weird observation considering a jump mechanic would be entirely pointless, but I find that in simple games the addition of a jump feels natural and adds agency to an otherwise uninteresting movement system. As for the latter, a useless magnifying glass is a good joke, and I found some fun in using it to distort characters' faces, but I would have appreciated some small-clue hunting to make me feel like I was a real frog detective.  Overall though, this was a great first entry in the soon-to-be-multi-million-dollar Frog Detective franchise, and I'm looking forward to the next adventure.
Short, cute and funny. Looking forward to more games in this series.
haha, nice
It took me a while to realise that the graphics quality on the configuration screen was basically telling me that I had a crappy computer.
Changed my view on books, and the usefulness thereof, completely.
The Frog Detective solved the mystery of where my father went. Thanks Frog Detective!
Cute little adventure game.  Art and music excellently stylized; writting is pretty funny; gameplay pretty straightforeward but enjoyable. Took about 45 minutes to complete, and I would happily buy more Frog Detective games for five bucks if more are released.
This game is absolutely adorable and leaves you with the biggest smile on your face! It's relatively short (a little more than an hour of gameplay), but I was completely immersed for that whole time. The minimalist graphics are done well and the color scheme is calming. It's not very challenging, but that makes it the perfect low-stakes game to de-stress with. The dialogue is genuinely really funny and had me laughing out loud many times and the characters are all really cute and quirky. I definitely recommend this if you want something relaxing and humorous!
This game is very cute and a lot of fun.
10/10. Would get spooked again. <3
god bless grace bruxner
Real fun romp. Play for good time.  (I haven't smiled during any game before this game, please buy it Grace Bruxner is a good person.)
I was chuckling from the settings screen.
This game is such an absolute freakin' gem. I've been so burned out by big bustling 80 hour action RPGs, and I just want simple, laid back games that are barely a few hours long.   Frog Detective is a little over an hour long, and that hour is filled with cute characters, charming writing, hilarious moments and one of the best dance scenes I've ever seen in video games. I was grinning from end-to-end the entire time I played this, and if you're a sucker for cute games and adorable art, you will too.
frog detective is bae
If you like haunted islands and frog detectives then this game is for you.  Really silly and fun little game <3
I like frogs!!!
In a time where games want to push hundreds of DLC's at you, Musynx's offering is a refreshing business model. For just £20 you receive every DLC song they ever have and ever will release, meaning there's a ton of content that keeps growing over time. I highly recommend this to anyone that enjoys the base game.
At least they're had a few EZ2AC songs.
new cool features were added here, but this part was not very much liked than the previous ones
very good puzzle with figures, physics is always a big plus for the game, so I like
Very cool game, everything is clear, because there is training, many opportunities to solve the problem, and it is that the green square remains on the platform for 2 seconds. +
Very pleasant game, especially for such a price, I advise 7/10
the third part, in which big changes happened, added the ability to turn off gravity and play with this as a bomb was added which destroys all the figures that fell into it
a little brain-warming puzzle, worth little, pleasant with pleasant, relaxing music 6.5 / 10
simple puzzle best part of this games
Pros: + price + gameplay + puzzle + style + music Minuses: - number of levels - high complexity - complexity of the last levels! no cards
really interesting game about physics, met like, pleasant because it looks simple
good game, played in the first two parts
could make more levels
A pleasant little game with relaxing music, in which you need to solve puzzles with the help of physics
I would definitely recommend it! A very interesting survival game that was mixed with minecraft. We hope that it will be further developed and will be even better. Anyone who likes to collect in a pretty good environment and while barking with the fish I specifically recommend.
awesome!
I really like this game. It's interesting and pretty challenging. Cartoony style is nice to look at and music is quite relaxing.
Lots of grammatical errors, but it's still pretty fun.
The idea of a game where you try to sell items door to door struck me as more than a little odd. I took the chance on it, as I was looking to spend a small amount on a time-filler game when I don't want to play something more time consuming. I'm glad I took the chance on it. Much more fun than I'd thought it'd be. Nice sense of humour to the game, and one that I'll play time and again whenever I have a few spare minutes. At this price, it's worth buying!
A short but Comical game, very much worth the price. I would highly suggest this for someone who wants a quick game to play thats funny but will take a couple of playthroughs to get all the right decisions and/or endings. Also dont gamble with death
very funny game
There's more I can say on this I'm sure, but the moral of it is: this game is worth your time and money
A mere product of late capitalism. As we all are.
Great game has alot of replay value and nice mechanics when u have 3 choices to say giving the situation and the style of art choice not to mention each house has thier own story and way of how they affect the player (good or bad) and the amount of endings is great and intresting take and great music on the mood for the morning sale and to the night time sale in the dark in the end it is a great piece of work if they expanded it even further (as an example) i would totally buy it to get more then what bargain for and it would be a "Sale" of a life time
Pretty good, short and sweet experience with lots of replayability. Runs start and end very quickly as you trial and error through the conversations. Each house is interesting enough for you to want to keep trying to figure out its secrets, so it hardly feels bad to revisit them on a gameover. You can just try to finish the game and that's a good experience. However, the game appeals a lot to the completionist, as multiple runs to complete the tip notebook and get all the achievements is encouraged for maximum enjoyment. Very recommended taking notes on dialogue paths!
This game was very fun, clever and strangely similar to real life. Trying to sell my products while protecting my fellings as a saleswoman broke my heart into pieces, but at the same time the game managed to glue it all togheter again by making me laught with unusual situations and well written lines. It was a nice way to spend my time, I hope it makes me a better stranger to talk to in the future :)
First of all, this game is amazing, you go around as a salesperson selling stuff, trying to convince them, some may be harder to sell to at night or at day or the the people make you mad, this game is worth it for 3.99 dollars trust me, they are also doing updates as best as they can!
Good game dude!! Reminds me of impossible quiz, on an easier difficulty.
I've only played around 1.5 hours so far of this game and I'm really enjoying it! It's pretty interesting and the characters are all very unique in their own way. The game is basically you just going door-to-door selling products to strangers. You have a stress and depression meter which can go up pretty fast. Once you reach max of the stress, it's game over! You have to be careful with your words with each customer, which can be difficult at times, but you learn from your mistakes and try different ways to approach them when starting the game over.  I cannot tell at this point if the game is long or short, but it will take some replays to get to the ending, that's for sure! (Unless you are super lucky and pick all the correct speech options first try, I guess?) But I would assume at this point that it's not too long.  This game does not have a "Save" option, once you get a game-over, you must start from scratch, but there is a saving option for if you stop the game and want to continue later. I personally enjoy this little game and I would recommend it!  Pros: - Interesting characters and concept - Cute style - Decent music - Challenging - Achievements - Good price Cons: - A little stressful - A few minor spelling errors (e.g they spell, "know" as "no" in some parts) - Repetitive  Overall, I would rate this game a 7/10. I will update this review when I complete this game!  *UPDATE* It is a very short game, but takes some time to completely finish, so please do not expect too much from it! It would be nice to have more customers added in the future. Please know that this game is VERY repetitive and can become quite tedious, even to just get a real ending without caring for achievements. I'm okay with it, but it's a fair warning to those who do not appreciate that in game play. (Especially if you want all the achievements.) To those who like having 100% completion and are worried about this game: I'm sure the game would be quicker and less stressful to get 100% once a guide is made for it, which, let's be honest, will be made eventually, so just keep that in mind! I hope my review helped in your decision to buy this game or not, if you end up giving it a try, please enjoy an hour or two of pure social anxiety like I did! This game might not impact my life much, but it did help me learn that I would probably make the worst saleswoman ever, so...Thanks!
If you go into this wanting a good story, I have some bad news for you.  If you go into this wanting anime tiddies to jerk your willy to, then i have some good news for you.
It's a very exciting game even if it's short. It's very funny how Elysa, Rizabel and Hilda are still arguing. Sometimes they do not even seem to belong to those breeds they belong to because of the ideas they have. However, it is a bit sad that Lucina could not remain in the harem even though she had become understanding at the end.
Okay, so. This is a kinetic visual novel, meaning you don't get to many choices. That being said, it's uh, kinda straight to the point. And on the shorter side. Not my particular cup of tea. But if it's on a sale, sure, grab it.
Fun game for little price
Wow This was The Lewdest Game Ive Played By Far Not saying its bad oh no Yuri part was AMAZING ^^ Just The MC Ayumu Was Living Normal Life Style when All of Sudden these Girl comes down Started Fighting then Screwing Him Yes Not Joking In order to beocome there Wives then Screwing Him more And No again Not joking Here To the Point where ummmm They Had Kids welll Not born yet But I think you gett The Picture. Hey in All Great VN Game but Veeeeeeery Lewd haha Would Recc this to ANyone if They Like Lewd Games such as This.
I almost got my throat ripped out trying to say this game's name   10/10
󠀡
game
Great “pussle game”
▓░░░░░▓░░░▓░▓▓░░▓░░▓▓▓░░▓░  ▓░░░░░▓░░░▓░▓░▓░▓░▓░░░▓░▓░  ▓░░░░░▓░░░▓░▓░░▓▓░▓▓▓▓▓░▓░  ▓░░░░░▓░░░▓░▓░░░▓░▓░░░▓░░░ Put this on your profile if  ▓▓▓▓▓░░▓▓▓░░▓░░░▓░▓░░░▓░▓░ you love nya nya nya cat girls~
+1
Worth missing my college essay in time.
A typical puzzle game with hentai(dlc)  girls. 7/10 Nothing unusual I think this game needs a steamcard :)
"Very good content"
Does work as an achievement clicker, very easy to finish the game in well under fifteen minutes.   What disappoints is the artwork which isn't really to my taste, and that there's not much of it. Same pictures are used three times.   On sale its worth considering and although I'd recommend it isn't something I'd ever play again.
I like tits and ass. Can't get it IRL and porn is blocked by IP so I guess this works. If I don't get nudes I guess. great game. all the achivments easy with 10 clicks.
kill me
This Game is Amazing Love it ^^ If you Love girls haha then you will love this one People LOVE Fan service And what Better way than too Give it to them. Simple easy Puzzle you Move them to the correct Places but Lets Be Honest here Ik Tons of people Wnna cheat XD Simply press H Button To complete Ik you dont wanna wait around like 10 to 30 mins and STILL not make it haha. But hey I loved it was good and I Would recc this to Poeple who Love Nekos And esp puzzle type games ^^
(\ _ /) ( •‿•) / ⊃🎂  https://youtu.be/qWjn7YXpm9I
This is a slider-puzzle game. There are ten stages at each level: easy (3 * 3), normal (4 * 4), and hard (5 * 5). As for the pictures, they are of anime-style girls. No real skin is shown... at least without the DLC. Thing is, the picture is the same for all three levels. Even the DLC levels are done in the same way (and basically are the original pictures, now topless).  Only because the price is so cheap is it... close to worth it.
[table] [tr] [td][h1][i]⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀♫ ЯНУР - Музыка моей души ♫⠀⠀⠀⠀[/i][/h1] [h1]───────⚪───────────────────────────────────[/h1] ⠀▐▐ ⠀►▏ ⠀⠀──○─ 🔊 ⠀₁:₂₅ / ₃:₅₀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ᴴᴰ⚙ ❐ ⊏⊐[/td]   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtLDidvnl8o
Havent played long enough to say im good yet but i am very satisfied by what this game offers. 2D>3D girls!
Eh... It's okay, I guess.
A must buy
by the time i finished the entire game i was still able to refund it. too easy. not ecchi enough. 6/10
Well, fun for all the family. Got it for my son, he now spends a lot of time in his room now, probably hooked on this game, all I know is that there are a load of tissues all of a sudden, probably got a cold or something. He tells me that he can spend hours of fun on it so definitely a great game 10/10.
6/10
I'm enjoying it. Don't expect the same quality as LISA (Story, Music, Tone, Atmosphere etc.) but it does keep the same battle system and I think the developer actually did a really good job at making each battle engaging. It's probably the best part of the game because each encounter is a challenge, even on the easiest difficulty you'll just barely scrape by. Every party member plays incredibly different from each other (some are completely useless) and you'll need to use pretty much every skill in your arsenal to survive. I like this because a lot of turn based RPGs let you just spam one move without much thought. So there's a bit of strategy and planning during battles, a nice surprise.  Some of the bigger issues I have with the game are the art and english translation, the art is inconsistent and often times looks god awful but overall it's just okay with some jarring dips in quality in certain areas. I'm not sure where the developer is from but there is A LOT of grammar issues and sentences that don't even make sense. If you're a grammar nazi then this game will trigger you more than the politically incorrect jokes.  There's also some google images of youtubers and politicians that pop up in one segment of the game, I'm not a fan of developers using real images in a pixelated game, it breaks the immersion and just looks tacky. The game is also filled with party members inspired by the likes of Pewdiepie and Vsauce, I personally don't really care for or follow famous youtubers/twitch streamers so this aspect of the game is kind of lost on me. Others might enjoy that but I prefer the original party members (like Johnnes or Holmey). Not only are the original characters more interesting and genuinely funny but their skills are more dynamic and fun to use.  It's a weird and bizarre game and you should get a few chuckles out of it. I do recommend the game but it's not going to be for everyone and I'm not gonna lie, some of the best RPG maker games out there are actually completely free. But if you really like what Dingaling did with the RPG maker engine then you might have a decent time with PRiCERPG.
never gets old.
It`s a fascinating side-scroller, where you run, jump, climb and fight through a post-apocalyptic 2 bit-world; I like retro and pixel-art games nowadays more than next-gen-graphics and blockbuster-titles, so this was the right game for me.  Play this game with a controller,  I had a few problems with my xbox-controller after the release, but they were resolved now.  The game is quite short, but I think you don`find all items and master all challenges / enemies easily in the first playthrough, Maybe you want to find out, which weapon is the best or want to find a shortcut / hidden corridor next time. Outrun the sniper on the roof and get an achievement or stop him before he runs away and forget about the footrace. And after your first playthrough, you can play the hardcore-mode +1, +2 an so forth (I don`t know the limit); the graphic modules will be rearranged a bit in every level.   And sometimes it is a good idea to do nothing (if there are no enemies nearby). Adam / Eve will take a break and recover then. Good to know in NG+...  Besides: the story about a "Remake" of a game from 1987, discussions about mysterious gamefiles are clever and funny ways to make this game interesting.   P. S. I don`t know much about photosensitive issues, but the screaming colours and their combinations e.g. magenta / blue-turquoise, red / yellow ( or the flashing lights in the "disco") could be stressful for your eyes.  This should not be unmentioned.
Cool
牛逼 
Игра сама по себе не сложная, управление сложное. Фишка в стиле.
This game is beautiful, and that's the highest compliment I can pay a game of this genre. Oddworld? Ducking gorgeous. Another world? Motherducking gorgeous. This? Grandmotherducking gorgeous. The gameplay? It's flawless for this genre. There is a little room for improvement, but the controls are tight and chaining actions together flows like water. The combat in particular will take some getting used to, and there are some kind of "Secret" moves, but the bosses and mid bosses make it so impossibly satisfying. Especially the martial arts moves before you get any weapons or upgrades. I'd by this again on the Switch, and I look forward to more in this genre from developers with a passion for these kinds of games. I hope they make a sequel. I hope the next game is bigger and badder.   P.S. It's a "Spiritual Remastering" it's a hint of Kafabe. But more fundamentally a passion nurtured from foggy childhood memories that instills a sense of a pure, innocent "Middle School Notebook" flavor of creativity. It is everything you dreamt you could do as an adult when you where a kid. Make the kind of game you loved. And make it good. And they did better than just "good"
The art style, the music and the whole atmosphere of the game is great. It really feels like a complete world, even though you only get to see a small part of it. This game totally recreates the feeling of games of the era. It's short, but sweet. Totally worth full price for what you're getting.
A fantastic experience. Really sets a mood in a way I haven't experienced often. Beautiful art and sound, I think watching a video will tell you if it's for you or not.
my fav game of this year so far and one of the best I've played. The graphics are ridiculously cool, and the animations are one of the best I've ever seen in a video game. Gold!
Like 90s vibe? This game has a lot of it. It's surprising how much can be accomplished with so few colors in pixels.  The body animation is as believable as in any top-tier title. And generally the movement feels very realistic if not always immediately responsive.  The atmosphere is immediately recognizable if you saw that Heavy Metal animated picture.  So: a good adventure game inspired by Another World and the likes.  I wish it actually came out when it claims it did. The industry could have been a better place. Now - it's just another very good indie title.
It took a while to adapt to the visual style and the (delayed) movement scheme but by the time I got the hang of it, I wished there was much more to explore! Love-that-sword. Thank you for an intimate gaming experience!
Very strange often difficult but ultimately rewarding game.
An audiovisually stunning sci-fi/post-apocalyptic retro platformer that suffers slightly from imprecise controls. May be the sleeper hit of 2019. On the looks department, the trailer speaks for itself: you get a lowbit color scheme and pixely sprites but "to compensate", the animation is superb with the character movements and effects. Controls-wise, it's a bit clunky (perhaps as intended) with jumps having to be timed with a couple seconds of anticipation and combat being mostly point, shoot, run out of ammo and finally spam your melee attack at the cluster of enemies until they are all dead. Story-wise, the closest I can remember is Dark Souls, with your character being mute and most of the lore being delivered by short cinematics and visual cues. Should last about 2 hours due to a few difficulty spikes but the journey is definitely worth it.
Looks cool with only 4 colours
Very nice game, the visuals are confusing in some parts but overall it's such a pleasure to play.
This game is highly evocative, in a coherent way so that you are fully immersed in its universe. It's not trivial but also never frustrating, the character animation and controls too are in line with the overall concept. It manages to tell without explaining, the game direction manages to do a lot with limited means. A great indie work.
This is taking me back to the glorious age of 80s games, where pixels are the norm. Gold.
Looks like a 286 game. Plays like a 486 game.  Feels like a whole god damn new world.  Absolutely fantastic ... Plays very similar to Prince of Persia/Another World. The art style and animation are top tier and the cyberpunk aesthetic and music trigger that nostalgia hit like a bad drug addiction.  100% recommended.
Incredible art style and direction, amazing music, and very well paced campaign. A must have in 2019 for the art and animation alone
Unique, packed with some good variety and even humorous in some ways.  Some reviewers are complaining about the controls but I believe the intention here is to deliver a more realistic experience when moving your character. The game is basically an adventure game with parkour, gunplay and even some light puzzle elements.  The music is very fitting for the 80's like theme and the sound design is immaculate. It literally feels like you're playing a game from the 80's which makes it a testament to its goal in terms of design.  I feel like the biggest achievement here is the story being told without much being said at all. There are plenty moments where you'll encounter some NPC's with dialogue but for the most part you're kinda just on your own running into other NPC's who don't like you very much.  It IS pretty short but I feel like there's some mild replay value here if you enjoyed it as much as I did. My only complaint is the options menu. If you change options like Force Walk for example to keep your character from running all the time this will reset every time you die or reload.  If the devs fix this then it's as good as gold. Nicely done, Playsaurus. Looking forward to more games like this in the future.
Even better than the original!
I really enjoyed that game, it has such a great atmosphere and music. Also I love games like Flashback, Another World and The Way, so this game didnt disappoint in any way.
An art game that is actually a game, it doesn't just lay on the style proposal wich is exquisit to the eye, but it also has great controls, makes you want to investigate the scenarios, and it's really fun. It's amazing the amount of detail here, every level works as a little movie telling great stories with so much information and little words, wich is a big achievement. Too short? maybe, but it probably gives this sensation because you just want to stay in this world for more and more time. I sincerely congratulate the team and hope for more works, being in this fashion or not: you guys have a unique vision that I can only compare with what Limbo was when it came out. The only thing I can point out is that it would have been awesome if the game had more rpg kind of elements that made us go through the levels with not so much hurry, since I had a really pleasant experience looking out for secret paths and bizarre friendly characters.
DAMN! I enjoyed this! Even with it's fair share of bugs. I have been missing an excellent cinematic platformer for some time. The Eternal Castle really hit the spot for me. The difficulty is just perfectly tuned for my skillset.  Should we call the style DOS-Punk?  Didn't have any problems with controls or the frame rate.... Young spoiled kids now a days.  I could only wish for a CRT mode!!!!!  Just like 'You have to win the game'. Also an excellent free DOS-Punk styled platformer.
Lovin' the retro futurism that this game delivers. 10/10
A very quick game that is has an amazing look to it that will catch you just by its trailer. This is a game similar to Prince of Persia style of adventure game where you are moving left or right to make it to the end of the boss or find the McGuffin. It does have an interesting story, world but more so an amazing soundtrack. There are some technical issues however especially a controller glitch that doesn't map correctly and will prevent you from moving forward so keyboard is going to be the way to go. Some times AI can become a little wonky at times but always to my benefit during boss fights. Not really a bad thing but something I did notice. This game should take you only 3 hours but if you want to find everything probably more like 7 hours at max and at a price of $10 its a good deal.  Rating: 6/10
oh my GOD i cannot recommend this game enough. The sound design, the atmosphere, the graphics.... This game made me so happy. You WILL get goosebumps. you WILL get frustrated. and you WILL love every moment of it.
This game is amazing. Superb. It's the "Out of this World" of our era. The game have a lot of memorable moments. But is not only about that. It's about how often this moments happens and what you have to do to "earn" them. The "phase" is really well done. Fair game, challenging, mesmerizing, cinematographic. 10 out of 10.
The Eternal Castle is a great retro cinematic platformer. Gameplay wise it is quite similar to classics like Prince of Persia, Another World, Flashback and Blackthorne. Visually I presume it is supposed to remind of late 80's games but it looks much better than any game from year 1987. How it manages to do that with such a limited 4 color palette showcases the developers artistic skills. I did not find the controls to be clunky, they are quite typical of mentioned games, but feel actually more precise and less finicky than most 1990's cinematic platformers. The difficulty level feels just about right, while compared to the classics it is on the easier side. There are a lot of points where to save and replenish health. Some other games in the genre did not have any save points but you instead were given a code for each level. The game is relatively short but it does have plenty of replayability. All in all, I feel this game belong in the same league as Another World and Flashback and that is a huge compliment. Considering the price tag I cannot recommend this highly enough. Looking forward to the next game from the devs.
Classic
this game is really cool, and provides a good challange and immersion even though it's very limited (in a good way) with it's colors and pixels. the gameplay feels pretty good but i ran into some issues with how shooting feels and jumping, i get that it's supposed to feel really early, but it feels kinda inconsistant.   the music and aesthetic are great, as well. i like how the really limited backgrounds still manage to tell a lot about the world. the whole world of the game seems really fascinating, and the level layouts/ how the 3 main levels are structured is pretty smart.  i would say the single biggest issue with the game is the difficulty. i actually found this game to be on the easy side, especially with the later boss fights. a certain one on a elevator i found waaaay too easy, which was a shame because it looked and sounded really cool. this isn't a deal breaker for me, but just something to consider.  finally, it is short, but the game is also pretty inexpensive and imo worth the price. itsa good game.
Absolutely recommended. I'd love to see more cinematic platformers, with this kind of "mature" touch. You can feel it's not only indie, but also very good. For this price I wouldn't hesitate !
"Remastered" cinematic platformer without all the trappings and a little extra thrown in.   While it may not be a true remaster of anything that existed, it is exactly how you REMEMBER games of this era playing.  It's a lot more forgiving, cinematic and user friendly than cineplatformers of old but nostaligia is one hell of a drug that more often than not, lies to us. How you may remember Prince of Persia playing as a child may not, in fact be the whole truth and more often than not something just simply doesn't hold up. Revisting old titles from years gone by can lead to rose tented glasses being shattered as you realize.. that favorite childhood game plays and handles like total garbage.   This is where the "remaster" aspect of The Eternal Castle comes into play IMO. It's a Remaster of those memories, not of any particular title that was said to exist. It's wholy original but gives you the feeling of how those games felt to play without any of the annoying faults. A remaster in memory only. A remaster of nostalgia without being a cold hard truth of poor gameplay and pacing.   For how short it may be (Not including the one run awake mode) it's kinda jaw dropping in its presentation and flow. Totally something I'll be sharing with friends if only for the amazing animation and presentation put on screen.  I'd highly recommend this for anyone who's a fan of Cine-platformers or even those who have never touched one in their lives as it avoids those harsh, 80's and 90's pit falls while offering modernized mechanics that just makes the game all the more enjoyable.
A really fantastic "Prince of Persia"/"Another World"-style cinematic platformer. A little bit of hidden depth to the controls, as well as the addition of a stamina meter are fresh and interesting [if perhaps minor] wrinkles to a classic genre all too underserved. Of course the real star of this game for me is the striking visuals. The extremely minimal and stark color palette is brought to life with clever art direction and simply phenomenal animations. Hands down one of the coolest looking games I've ever played.
A very atmospheric retro-like adventure. Really enjoyed playing this.
This was just.....awesome. Felt like being back in the days. As a big fan of Another World and Flashback I really liked this game. Fortunately is was quite easy to beat in about 2 hours total. Nice little snack!
pitch perfect, if you ask me. I'm quite sure it'll make my 2019 top 5. (I feel like I played way over two hours, maybe I was offline inbetween, it feels rather close to 4.) I love pixel graphics, but I didn't think a 2-bit game could be this beautiful. All landscapes are gorgeous, the animations look fluent and lots of actions are animated, e.g. picking up weapons looks different with every weapon type.  It's very athmospheric but also quite fast pased and action-laden. The controls lag a little, yet the invorenment is forgiving, so I never got stuck in a place. The different areas have very different character and colours. The story is somewhat obscure, which i dig. Your mcguffin are some energy cores for a ship, which you gather from three different areas, before you go to the Eternal Castle.
I haven't finished yet and I urge you guys to do more of this. Stay on this path and forget making kiddie games.  The era of adult gaming is bound to arrive. Seeing games like this gives hope for the industry. Lately the quality of released games in Steam has dropped (personal opinion of course). I seriously ponder there's an AI stitching lousy games together and firing 'em out like a chaingun. Most released just past two weeks were absolute nonsense. Yes, their price tag isn't big either but most of Jan 2019 releases won't even qualify as a game in my book. And stripping half-decently drawn manga girls in different setting doesn't cut it.  THIS GAME is carrying the torch now. It's minimalistic yet content rich, atmospheric, challenging and unique. I would personally pay more than 5,99€. Easily double.  Keep your eyes open and your wits about, people... Invest in quality games and support ideas that bring something new to the table.
excellent visuals. frustrating controls.
The Eternal Castle is a fantastic throwback to adventure platformers like Flashback and Another World, but with a modern twist. This is probably the best-looking game with a three-colour CGA-style palette you will ever see. Animation is fluid and gorgeous, making the best use of its limited art style, especially with very clever use of lighting and dithering to give a 3D look. The entire game has a lovely cinematic feel and I simply can't praise the art enough - but it's also very hard to describe. There's also an excellent synthwave soundtrack by kiiro which makes for a very surreal experience along with the amazing art.  Gameplay flows from relaxed platforming segments to quick and visceral action, with very intuitive controls and well-crafted levels. Combat is very fluid and there are a few different weapons to try out. There are a few puzzles that are also quite easy to figure out. There were only a few points where I got a bit lost, but since the areas are not particularly large, this didn't last long.  The game is short and sweet, with a runtime of about two hours.  However, the game is not very accessible to players with disability. There are no options for rebinding keys. There are no resolution options. The game always launches in full screen (though an alt+enter moves it to windowed mode, while skipping the title screen). Some text may be hard to read due to the small font size and there are no options to change this. While I personally only had issues with the full screen, I know some who will have to give the game a pass due to these omissions. I understand that for what is supposed to be an old-school game, these are not concessions that would usually be available back in the day, but it is disappointing to be lacking any customisation options.  If these issues are not a problem for you, I highly recommend The Eternal Castle.
While I completely recommend this game and it is WELL worth your $10, I think it is much more of a flawed expirience than it needs to be.  Starting off with the positives; this game's graphics are nut worthy (seriously idk how they are even possible but they are incredible). The soundtrack slaps. The combat is satisfying and simple. The atmosphere keeps an erie, yet action packed feel. The game is short enough to be satisfying and replayable. The game is really fun.  But sadly, the game is bogged down by it's few, yet crippling down-sides.  The game seems to lag extremely bad in large open areas, due to poor optimization. While the description says it only requires 1g of ram, these areas seriously feel like they need 8g just to run smoothly.  The controls have a slight delay to them. This would actually be a positive, as its completely intentional, but combined with the laggy ass areas its is excruciating.  The game also struggles with difficulty. It can be actually challenging and fun, and then throw 12 checkpoints in a row at you for no real reason??? At one point I literally had to ctl alt del the game because it was faster than intentionally trying to die to room fun of enemies. Finally, the boss battles are poorly paced. Each one of the is incredibly badass and fun to play, but they go past in the blink of an eye. I literally accidently ran through a boss battle (a helecopter fight?), taking 0 hits, and completing the level on accident. And the best boss in the game (the creepy mansion boss): I accidently left mid battle and it counted as a win.... :(  Long-winded reviews aside, this game is one of a kind, wonderful, but sadly flawed. This game could easily become one of the best indie games out there with a few simple optimizations.  solid 7/10, fix lag plz
Aside the infuriating new game plus feature of permadeath (essentially corrupting your save if you die, considering the first part has the most instant death traps in the game this is frustrating) this game is one of the most satisfying games I've ever played.  Short, but with many hidden quirks.  Do be aware that the controls are a mimicry of 1980's platformers and thus really floaty and hard to get a handle on but the game is excellently made
--- 𝐆𝐀𝐌𝐄𝐏𝐋𝐀𝐘 --- ☑ Very good ☐ Fine ☐ Average ☐ Meh ☐ Playing on a mobile is more fun  --- 𝐒𝐓𝐎𝐑𝐘 --- ☐ The author must be a mastermind ☐  Good ☑ It‘s a story, indeed  ☐ Uninteresting ☐ None  --- 𝐆𝐑𝐀𝐏𝐇𝐈𝐂𝐒 --- ☐ Reality looks like Minecraft ☑ Good ☐ Okay ☐ Meh ☐ Minecraft  --- 𝐀𝐔𝐃𝐈𝐎 --- ☑ Eargasm ☐ Good ☐ Listenable ☐ Ouch ☐ My ears are bleeding  --- 𝐁𝐔𝐆𝐒 --- ☐ Not a single one ☑ Some ☐ A bit too many ☐ Almost unplayable ☐ Unplayable  --- 𝐃𝐈𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐔𝐋𝐓𝐘 --- ☑ Cuphead ☑ Hard ☐ Normal ☐ Easy ☐ An embryo could play it  --- 𝐆𝐀𝐌𝐄 𝐓𝐈𝐌𝐄 --- ☐ over 100 hours ☐ 50 - 100 hours ☐ 20 - 50 hours ☐ 10 - 20 hours ☑ under 10 hours  --- 𝐏𝐂 𝐑𝐄𝐐𝐔𝐈𝐑𝐄𝐌𝐄𝐍𝐓𝐒 --- ☐ NASA would have problems playing it ☐ High ☐ Normal ☐ Low ☑ You could use your toaster  --- 𝐏𝐑𝐈𝐂𝐄 --- ☐ Too expensive ☐ Worth the high price ☑ Fine ☐ An apple is more expensive ☐ Free to play  --- 𝐂𝐎𝐍𝐂𝐋𝐔𝐒𝐈𝐎𝐍 --- I'd give it an 8/10.  The art style, animation, and music is beautiful, but the controls can get somewhat clunky and feel slow at times. For example, the run-jump takes a long time for the character to jump over a gap. There is almost to none bugs I ran into while playing but at the spooky level with the ghosts (ghouls?), I ran into a horrible glitch where I was stuck underground and kept going backwards constantly, but I couldn't fix it so I had to alt-f4 out of it. Otherwise, the game is very fun to play and it can be replayable for secrets, other routes, and just to kill some baddies! I recommend this game completely to anyone that loves aesthetically pleasing games and fighting mechanics.
I cannot recommend this game enough, and (in my opinion) the perfect blend of action and platforming. So as per usual, I shall be going over the pros and cons for the game.  Pros -The artstyle. It is nigh impossible to see a 2-bit CGA Game in this current age. However, this 2-bit look really hits the nostalgia factor that the game tries so desperately hard to achieve. Everything from how the characters are "modelled" to how the backdrop encapsulates the level is amazing. If I was to rate this game on pure artstyle, it would be an instant 10/10. -The Animation. It's weird to say that a game from the 1980s has such fluid and heavy feeling animations. The running looks amazing and really gives your character a feeling of weight. I can't tell you how many times I've laughed looking at my character run into a wall, and actually bounce back. That attention to detail in the animation, seems to be lacking somewhat in newer games. -The Storytelling. The story of the eternal castle is expertly told through notes and environments that you really start to pieces together and see the beauty in this chaotic world. -The Gameplay. At first the controls are clunky and confusing, but when you get it, YOU GET IT. the motion again is fantastic and the melee combat is so good. So in conclusion i like the gameplay.  Cons -The gunplay. I don't really like it that much to be honest. I mena it isn't too bad, but the guns feel quite flimsy and control like an xbox controller without any thumbsticks.  I am aware that this review was quite short, but all I have to say is that this game is well worth standard price and I can't recopmmend this enough. My verdict? 9/10, amazing.
Worth checking out - especially if you're a fan of animation-driven platformers like Out of this World or Flashback. Really neat experience, lots of variety and fun gameplay. Feels retro and unique, well put together.  Pros: -Cool environments -Immersive audio, great music -Great animation, mixes well with the art style -Really satisfying gameplay, there is one level that is basically the hammer scene from Oldboy  Cons: -Very fiddly controls, even taking into account that games of this style do feel a bit clunky, there are way too many times when you die because of some weird quirk. It also makes boss fights feel kind of wonky. -Lots of boss checkpoints that have moderately-long intro sequences you have to watch again.
Excellent retro-indie game -- think Prince of Persia/Out of this World/Flashback, but with Oregon Trail-style CGA graphics and a strong 80s sci-fi vibe. The animations are extremely smooth, the soundtrack is well done, and there are a lot of unexpected gameplay mechanics and moments. Admittedly, I grew up when graphics like this were the norm, and I loved the aforementioned games that this draws from.  Getting further into the design, there are definitely some intentionally obtuse aspects to it -- some work, some don't.  For a negative example, take the font -- it is generally readable throughout the game, however it is practically unreadable in the very first intro screen's story text. I had to squint to read it. Thankfully that same block of story is on the store page. Elsewhere, the font is fine, but imo that singular moment was not a good first impression.  Other non-obvious aspects work better. For one, there are easy ways to beat certain sections that seem difficult at first. As an example, there is an enemy that you'd expect to have to shoot, and you only have enough bullets to kill him -- but you can easily bring him down with melee attacks. The only thing stopping you from trying the latter is the perceived threat of getting too close to him, but it's a moment where the game rewards you for using your head. Another example is that certain paths and secrets are *very* subtle to spot, but reward a keen eye.  Certain aspects of this game seem to draw strongly from memorable moments in film -- one part reminded me of the underpass machete fight from Book of Eli, another reminded me of the hammer fight from Old Boy.  I could say more, but ultimately is the game fun? This morning I loaded it up to give it a solid go, and ended up beating it twice, back-to-back. Alongside Limbo and Inside, this is another strong entry in the adventure/platformer genre. If you love the niche experience that this game caters to, then I strongly recommend checking it out.
great game but fix the fps it looks real janky when i have 18 fps in mist areas 
Very short, but worth the price. The gameplay is very reminiscent of some of the best cinematic platformers like Prince of Persia and Heart of Darkness, with moderately difficult trial and error. The variety of scenery and scenarios that each section of this game presents really helps to keep things fresh and exciting. On several occasions the art style did tend to make things visually convoluded or hard to interpret. Overall: I highly recommend checking out this futuristic cyber-nightmare.
Great, brave aesthetic, intersting world, good music, sometimes the loose controls ruin otherwise fantastic moments. I would recommend. 7/10
Love the game, the music and the nostalgia. Little bit of Prince of Persia, Limbo, Blackthorn and more. I don't play games at all but this is something to create a Steam account for (yes I did it to play this). Fun, and difficult.
The controls can be pretty clunky and frustrating at times, but you can expect that from a game of this type. The style and tone it sets is what keeps me going, just to see what the next scene holds.  I missed out on this genre when I was growing up, so I'm glad to support anyone willing to bring them back.   [url=https://www.giantbomb.com/shows/the-eternal-castle-remastered/2970-18679] Here's a quick video of it being played.	[/url]
Amazing and unique style! Great game, very similar to Another World but with more CGA!
I remember vaguely the original version of this game. I was four years old, I think. This is an incredible remake, with a great artistic direction, breathtaking views and an intriguing gameplay. Game controls are really hard to master, but rewarding once you've had enough experience. If I had to find a negative point, I expected a lot more from the final boss... but overall I can strongly recommend this game
this game reminds me of one of my favourite childhood games. Heart of Darkness... if you enjoyed HoD and you like tron. youll enjoy this  10/10 would spew again
Amazing. Give yourself time to get used to the controls and the rules of the game (as they are not explained). This game is hard, due in part to movement and comabt feeling clunky at first. Once you get a feel for the rythm  you'll be fine. Most of the negative reviews here are from people that played for an hour, then clearly got frustrated and gave up.  If you're old enough to have spent all your free time in the arcade, or playing games on retro systems/computers, The Eternal Castle will quickly suck you in.
This game is already contender for best indie game of the year. The beautiful art style, interesting setting and awesome music really pull you in to this amazing game. Check out the full 3 minute review here:   https://youtu.be/SWFLx3bmRSk
wow just wow.....enter the nightmare if you dare.....but your a P%$sy so you probably wont!
If you enjoy retro-styled games...well this is it.
Do you want to play a game like the classic Prince of Persia or Castlevania with a modern twist? Let's see how a modern interpretation of a game that plays like a game from that era did.  Getting in to the different aspects- Graphics- It is surely a very unique looking game and has several cool smoke and bullet effects which are truly brilliant. There are parts which do not allow the user to see clearly but it's all part of the charm. Unique/10 Sound- The sound for movement, guns, axes and one special sword are just fantastic, making one feel as though they're in command of the weapons and movement and the soundtrack... damn it is amazing. It sounds like it could belong to a blade runner movie or any similar movie, and it is amazing. 10/10 Story-  The enemies are mostly characterless but the few bosses have a nice backstory if you read through the different clues in the game. Overall, the story is confusing if you do not get all the clues left behind in the game but once you do, it isn't too bad, but is very short. I completed the game in about 2-2.5hours. This being said, it has a great replay value in order to pick up different story clues, weapons and complete different challenges. So I'd say it can be played for about 8 hours or so. 7.5/10 Gameplay- The character movement response is slightly laggy just like it used to be in that era of games so that isn't an issue at all. The weapons function really well. My personal favourite is the axe in the beginning which kills with a satisfying splat. 8/10 VERDICT- if this style of gameplay is something that's down your alley, I'd say pick this up without a doubt. It offers a great game, with unique visuals, a brilliant soundtrack, some fun gameplay at a very low price. 8.5/10
The Eternal Castle [REMASTERED] is a relatively simple action/adventure game with an atmosphere unlike anything else I've played.   This game is the embodiment of the phrase "less is more" in terms of visuals, mechanics, plot and even length. The absence of any real detail on the world or characters combined with the ultra-minimalist depictions of a foreign and apocalyptic setting somehow kept me engaged and left me wanting to know more.   The game features a gorgeous, unique pixelized artstyle, limited to just four colors at a time. The animations are smooth and as vivid as you could expect given the limitations of the style. The primitive rendering of the world provided gives you just enough to paint a picture with your imagination.   Unfortunately, there are times in the game where the limited detail and color palette provide frustratingly little hint to the presence critical gameplay elements like instant-death traps. Once you know where a trap is, it's usually simple enough to avoid it the second time around, but it feels like a somewhat cheap trick rather than a real gameplay challenge.  What really brings The Eternal Castle to life is the soundtrack and soundscape. Paired with the minimalist visuals, the sounds take center stage and pull you into the world. The synth-heavy soundtrack instantly places you in the cinematic era of the supposed (but in reality non-existent) original game, though with fantastic production.  The controls are simple enough and work well enough, though I did have some frustration with the delayed response of certain actions like jumping and turning around, which appear to be in place in part for challenge and in part simply to allow for smooth animation transitions.  The game is challenging, but never unfair, other than the occasional cheap death-traps mentioned earlier. Combat is fast and can be challenging, but is simple in mechanics. The melee combat strikes a strange balance between satisfying and clunky, but I found it enjoyable. Ranged combat is even simpler, but less frequent due to limited ammo in all but one of the levels. Bosses provided a unique spin on things and a few even proved to be quite difficult.  The Eternal Castle is quite quick to finish - I expect most people will be able to beat it in around two or three hours, tops. The shortness of the game encourages replaying, and achievements should increase the longevity. I expect I will play through the game at least once more, as I enjoyed it quite a bit. I definitely encourage anyone who enjoys classic action games to give this a try - it's a worthwhile experience!
(Wrote this immediately after having finished the game)  --------------------------------------------------------------- I don't write Steam Review's often but I have to say,  this is one of the most visually striking video games i've ever played, I am in LOVE with this game's art style. It's one of the prettiest games i've probably ever set my eyes on.  That, combined with the amazing synthy soundtrack and the fact the gameplay at it's best is immensely enjoyable to both figure out and play. The fact there's not much of a direction but the design of the levels is clear and the controls just make sense in time,  the brilliant use of visual and audio cues that correlate to the gameplay.  Collecting the items throughout was a blast and encouraged exploration and gave you an increasingly more badass appearance.   I love this game to death, it's fantastic. That isn't to say it's perfect however, I did encounter a bug where alt-tabbing will sometimes fuck with your controls and make the screen flash a bit. There were times where my controller wasn't QUITE working the way i wanted it to.  And sometimes the controls, although I got used to them and learned to love them, could be touchy for some, and were at one point a bit touchy for me. And i've also read reviews of other users encountering bugs as well, although i never once encountered any that once ruined my experience, never once did i ever encounter one that was enough to ruin my experience, infact personally i pretty much never found any at all except for two instances that happened with my controls described above.  (that's not to say they don't happen or aren't true they just didn't happen with me)  Beyond that it's a wonderful game and you should totally try it out. But it should go without saying, it's not for everyone just like any other game.
This game is rad
Some beautiful animation and art design at work here, really impressive but unfortunately I had to refund after 20 odd mins as it made me feel a bit ill. I'm not sure eexactly what it was (I don't typically suffer motion sickness or anything) but I suspect it was the screen transitions. Honestly don't know. Would highly recommend otherwise.
Awsome game. Feels like a mix of Flashback and Out of this World (Another World). Soundtrack is radical (!) and the aesthetics are amazing.  This version is much better than the 1987 version.
Very impressive visual style and aesthetic. Its graphics are a work of art. Gameplay is entertaining. Controls are a bit sluggish and game is a bit short. This is a great game which has an awesome retro feel.
This is art, man. The whole point of indie gamedev existence.
The Eternal Castle is a game very close to be a true masterpiece. It is a retrogame in the vein of Another World and Prince of Persia set in a dystopian futuristic world. It is a homage to this long forgotten Era in every sense: the controls are not that good, obtuse gameplay, a lot of try and error, many cheap deaths, etc. This is a not a game for everyone: watch the trailer, if you dig the aesthetic, be sure to play it. If you get pass the awkward gameplay, you will love every frame of The Eternal Castle, because everyone of them is a work of art!
[h1]Video Review[/h1]  https://youtu.be/KYxVOCWQxyI  [h1]Quick Info[/h1] [i]The Eternal Castle[/i] is a beautiful art piece with bad gameplay attached to it. The controls are unresponsive and confusing. Combat often devolves into button mashing and it is often very hard to see what is actually happening. In the very least the game is easy enough to not have the terrible controls slow down your experience too much. The art is a beautiful mash of retro coloration and rotoscope animation. It can be hard on the eyes at times and has a couple of areas with excessively flashing lights that hurt and were a serious seizure risk. However, I found the overall aesthetics to be amazing. There is little to no story to the game, so do not look for that here. If you are looking for gameplay that is satisfying, I would recommend that you look elsewhere. The controls are far too bad for [i]The Eternal Castle[/i] to be a satisfying play. However, if you are in it for the art of the game then this a good buy, especially on sale.  I did not find that the gameplay hindered my appreciation of the visuals.  For a more in-depth review see the video above Or read the review at [url=https://vinrafel.blogspot.com/2019/01/slick-retro-style-eternal-castle.html]Vinrafel[/url].
[h1]This game is outstanding, it honestly surpassed my expectations.[/h1]     The beautiful animation combined with an absolutely stellar soundtrack makes this one of the only platformers I have actually enjoyed. The controls might feel off when you just begin but don't worry, they are pretty easy to get used to. Combat works very smoothly and seems to take into account the NPC's limits as well (basically they can't just wail on you).   [b]I highly recommend this game for anyone that would enjoy an interesting journey.[/b]
An interesting "remaster" of a game that never actually exsisted.  Plays like a mixture of the original 'prince of persia' games mixed with 'Another world' (or 'Out of this world' as it is known in America). Looks good and seems to play how you would expect it to, however the controls when trying to do things quickly like moving and fighting can get frustrating. I played with a game pad and would often stop moving when I shifted the joystick slightly while walking or running, leading to missed jumps.  Oh and you got to love that synth soundtrack.  The only really big issue I had was in the final boss fight, due to slight colour blindness between red and green, and only having sight in one eye. [spoiler] When you knock her down and do the circular puzzle (in particular the 3rd time), it takes me a few seconds to focus and actualy see the pattern, and of course I found that the seconds wasted doing so meant I often failed the puzzle. In the end it was luck that got me through. 2 or 3 seconds more at that point would have been helpful.	[/spoiler]  Also its usefull to know you can hold two weapons, select on a Xbox 360 controller allows you to change.
If you like Oldboy its your game!
Beautiful, engaging, and appropriately priced single sitting game. Only downsides are finicky controls (using switch pro controller, perhaps keyboard play is more appropriate) and a puzzling post-game. Give it a shot!
Great remaster of the first game, a bit laggy at the club level though. I told my friends about it on Usenet, I hope it'll get a good review in ACE.
Umami: The Game  It's a really fun concept. But I find the low fps just too annoying, even if designed to feel authentic. Hurts my eyes.
"The Eternal Castle [REMASTERED]" is a surprise treasure to start off 2019. Designing a game to be a tribute to an older era is a hell of a tightrope to walk--a developer risks implementing too much of what we'd rather forget for the sake of "that's what this game is supposed to be like" (similar to last year's "Save me Mr Tako!") in favor of an enjoyable experience. "Castle" is not immune--its jumping controls cause unnecessary grief during otherwise pretty thrilling platforming moments--but the slower input response gives your actions in this 2-bit world more weight, more impact. The environments are unique and tell their own stories through their bright colors and smart contrasts to create scope that most AAA games can't match today. The soundtrack isn't immediately memorable but fits the tone of each scene. "Castle" is short without any drive for collectables, at around 3 hours long, but completionists can wring 5-7 hours out of this gem. Do yourself a favor and pick this game up for a refreshing experience to start your 2019 right, before you end up inevitably disappointed by $60 AAA titled.
Just finished the game. Amazing graphics and animation, everything looks so fluid. Movement and combat takes a bit to get used to but once you understand it, it's awesome and feels great. Love everything about the game. Short but worth it
Yes! CGA done right!
Recommended 'reading' for fans of old-school platformers like PoP and Abe's Oddysee. Bonus 80's retro synthwave vibe.
[b] The Eternal Castle [/b] is a tribute to the cinematic platformers from the past, such as [i] Prince of Persia [/i] or [i] Another World [/i]. This genre does not get a lot of representation these days, so I want to support developers that make games for a limited audience. Let's be honest, this game is made for people with nostalgia for those clunky platformers. I really enjoy the gameplay because it's very faithful, and any subjective criticism that I have does not take away anything from its artistry (which is something really special). As far as I know, the original game that is being remastered was "lost", but I do know that this remaster imitates animation cycle from [i]Prince of Persia [/i]. I wish the developers would give the credit for the sources of inspiration, instead of just claiming that it's a remaster of a classic masterpiece that nobody played. But let's make something very clear, this game combines the features from several titles, and could not exists in its current form if it wasn't for them.  [h1] Intentionally clunky controls / gameplay [/h1]  This genre makes a certain trade, it sacrifices intuitive platforming to create a more dynamic animation (another modern example would be Forgotton Anne). Back when [i] Prince of Persia [/i] came out, it was a very innovative thing to have complex animation, and I think that is why those games got away with "clunky controls". That being said, The Eternal Castle has decent controls as long as you understand why they are the way they are - in other words they are intentionally awkward. To tell you the truth, I did not expect this game to be as complex as it is. It actually has a decent variety of mechanics such as rolling and using items. You can even recover your health by idling the game. This genre is also known for very high and unfair difficulty. There are definitely some parts that feel unfair, but it's not as punishing as [i] Another World [/i]. Fortunately for us, this game has frequent checkpoints and you don't lose a lot of progress when you die. While the combat is pretty basic, I have to say that the boss fights are really cool, at least in terms of visuals. The game is not even completely linear - you can choose between a few areas and there are a few passive upgrades hidden in the levels.  [h1] The visual masterpiece [/h1]  In my opinion, this game looks amazing, and each area has a unique theme. It does not use a lot of colors (almost like a synthwave vibe to it), but it manages to create a lot of variety in terms of visuals and level design. Almost every third screen the level design blows my mind, I don't know how else to complement it. I thought that the soundtrack in the trailer was fantastic, although the actual game is very ambient in comparison. It has this very eerie feel to it, unlike many modern games, it's not trying to grab your attention with cheap tricks. The Eternal Castle has a fantastic atmosphere, something that I have not experienced in a long time.  [b] Pros: [/b]  + faithful & nostalgic retro design + frequent checkpoints / low penalty for death + immersive world / amazing art & soundtrack + challenging but enjoyable gameplay + decent amount of content / achievements  [b] Cons: [/b]  - Unfortunately, I don't have any criticism for this game because all of its problems are rooted in the definition of this genre. Some people might find the controls to be clunky, but I know it should be that way for nostalgic reasons. To be honest, it works better than I expected. It just takes a little bit of time to learn the controls. They should change the font for the text though, kinda hard to see.  [h1] Overall Thoughts: 9/10 [/h1]  I think you need those nostalgia glasses to fully appreciate what it's trying to do. If you don't want to deal with unfair difficulty and clunky controls, maybe it's not for you. As someone who has played most of those cinematic platformers, I think it does a very good job building on top of existing mechanics. Unlike a few people out there, I am a bit skeptical in regards to features that came from the "original game". Nevertheless, I judge the product based on what is in front of me, and I am having a good time.  [code]For more Hidden-Gems: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/31294838-Hidden-Gem-Discovery/ [/code]
Finished! Pro/Cons,   Cons: - Controls can be a little slippery in some instances, which has lead me to a death or two. :c - Playing on fullscreen, it can be hard to read some of the text, especially the initial text for the game. - Two to three spots where the "what do I do?" question popped up. It took a little while and could be frustrating, but I was still able to get through it.  - Seizure warning before Dragon Club. Seriously.   Pro:  - Neat 'ol art style. Flashy flashy pixel art - Once you get used to the controls, it feels logical and smooth. Similar to other games of the time. (I'm looking at you, Another World) - Multiple objectives to make replaying interesting - Good use of story elements in background details. Still digging for more information.  The game is, simply put, worth your time. It's interesting enough, and while difficult at times it still becomes doable. If you're on the fence about whether to get it or not, this game is absolutely worth $10.
In conclusion, this is a visually unique and fun-to-play game but a little short and overpriced.   Pros:  - Amazingly unique Color Graphics Adapter (CGA) graphics. If you like the visual style of Return of the Obra Dinn then you will find this game visually amusing.   Cons: - Short story. There are only 4 chapters in this game (excluding the intro). Each chapter takes about 20 to 40 minutes to finish which makes the game completion time at most 3 hours. Not sure if there's much hidden elements. - Sluggish controls. This is a Prince of Persia style game. I died a lot trying to get over the pits or just running through the room edges. So be prepared. - Somewhat simple boss fights. Boss fight mechanisms are a little repetitive (First boss, guardian boss, and final boss). The unholy church boss was fun though. - Overpriced. Considering how fast I finished the game (below 3 hours). $9.99 is a bit too expensive.
Very good! Nice if your looking for a short game with some cool art.
Very good game
A flashback to the 1987 era of gaming Stunning smooth graphics Soundtrack sounds amazing although a short game (could be completed in 2-3 hours.), difficult at some parts this is a 9/10 automatically
Beautiful artstyle, great story, great music, loved the game.
So I am not really sure this is a 'remaster' of 1987 game, since I cannot find anything about the supposed original. Maybe it's just a smart marketing device, but it doesn't really matter.  The game is a throback to old school 'animated platformers' like Prince of Persia, Another World or Flashback, the twist here is that instead of going for the popular retro 16-bit style, the graphics went even further back to the CGA palette. And while most old games simply looked disgusting with the few color that were there to highlight parts of code, rather than display colorful pictures, The Eternal Castle fully embraces the limited colors and with fluent animations delivers a masterpiece in terms of artstyle and music, nicely fitting into the popular Outrun/Retrowave aesthetic.   The story begins simple - you crashland on a hostile planet and dangers await ahead. The gameplay is fluent and controls are responsive, though one has to take into account the fact that there is a lot of animation to the characters movement so forget the insta-fast direction switching and jumping characteristic of your average retro-platformer. It's somewhat challenging but not too punishing. The only problem might be the graphics sometimes, as it's not always clear what is what, but one gets used to it pretty fast. You will die a lot, but checkpoints are frequent, and so far I haven't come across any frustrating parts.  All in all, this is a briliand and unique game, that takes you back to the glory days of the already mentioned classics, but has its own style and character with mastercrafted design. This might not be for everyone, but if you loved Another World and Retrowave is your thing, this is a must-buy considering the price.
This game is wonderful. It tries to emulate the feeling of DOS games, with an aesthetic blue and pink vibe to it. The game does a good job of emerging the player into a world that is meant to be understood like the player is in 1980's.  Gameplay-wise, it feels like Prince of Persia/ Out of this World, or Abe's Oddysee, but a lot tighter in controls. Punching feels very fluid, and movement in general feels responsive. The obstacles in the game feel fair, like when the player falls, they take damage, so the player must climb down. Other obstacles, like climbing under debris, will fall under one circumstance, while other debris will fall another way.   The two main issues to players of the game are losing track of where your character is on the screen, and some situations when fighting enemies:  1) The game is only in white, black, blue, and pink, with your character being mostly black with some white outlining. The enemies in the game have the same color scheme. Sometimes in a fist-fight, when there are four enemies, you loose track of the player, because they blend in with everything else around them. There are also some instances where the room might be too dark, or too pixelated to see. It isn't the biggest issue in the world, but the color blending is something that happened frequently, which took a little bit to get used to.  2) There are some spikes in difficulty, if that is not what you are into. Nothing major, but there is an instance where you fight an enemy, and they will kill you in one shot, with nothing much you can do besides trial and error until you can rush them, and quickly get rid of them. There is also no life meter indicating how much health the enemy has, so the player just has to wail on the enemy until they are defeated. An enemy health bar would have been a nice feature, in other words. The difficulty of the game levels out once the player knows the mechanics of the game, so it is not too much of an issue for the time being.   This is a game to check out if you really like older platformer games. It really sets you into a world where you don’t know what’s going on. You just have a small blurb that informs you of what your background is. What you do is up to the player to discover, with secrets (like areas and weapons) to discover along the way. The game tells it’s story by encouraging the player to keep exploring and having the player think on their own for what happens next, and you know, that just feels great to experience.
It shows that sometimes (most of the time ) less is more! I love the style of the game and how a few pixels are able to convey deep emotions.  Reminds me of the good old days, playing Flashback, Prince Of Persia. A Must Buy if you are into Pixelart and Platformers, especially for that price.
- Looks and Sounds amazing - Super Atmospheric  - Gameplay is (obviously) a bit retro so there is a bit of jank - Controls are a little unresponsive at times, but easily bearable  A short experience, two characters, and many secrets so there is some replay and exploration value, but it isn't neccesary, and is a solid game, and remaster!
When I first saw the trailer I was immediately hooked and so far the game did not dissapoint despite the fact that I am now stuck on a bug that prevents me from controlling my idle standing character after a respawn... So I had to start over from the beginning. In my continuing playtime I also encountered a couple of weird glitches where my character suddenly just popped to another edge in the screen when I was trying to pull myself up somewhere else and there were some "connecting" text boxes where there was nothing to connect...  Also, as much as I love the look, it can often be pretty confusing so sometimes you don't know if  something is climbable or a plattform or not... it also breaks some letters in the text what makes it hard to read especially in the introduction.  But still, combat is fun. I love the flashback-style run, jump and climb mechanics, the steam punk theme and dark retro synth wave soundtrack too much to not still like the game.   I will continue my thoughts after I finished my first playthrough.  Update: So I finished the game yesterday and I am still liking it. As soon as you know the levels the sometimes confusing visuals become less of a problem. I think there are parts that could use some polish but still this is a very rare kind of game that has its own character and doesn't try to fit in with all those mainstream ones out there. I mean you have to love the club fight scene for example that reminds me of the original Old Boy movie corridor one-shot fight. There is also a rooftop chase sequence that - in combination with the music - got my heart rate pumping. I just wanted more!  So if any of that makes sense to you just buy it. I mean its 6 bucks. Just pass on the next two beers you would like to drink.
The game sounds great and looks great but there are some things that don't really translate well and could have used some more polish. The intro dialogue is almost unreadable in the font they wrote it in (it's also in the steam description box). There is a part in the game that was supposed to be a very high tension section but it was ruined a bit by the jumping and mantling mechanics. I think the first boss fight glitched for me and he got stuck falling over for free damage. One of the boss fights is so short you don't really get a proper taste of the awesome music it has.  I haven't beaten it yet and I'm not sure how far into the game I've gotten but I've already put it down for a break and I only got two of the gliders. It has a lot of promise and it looks like a lot of care went into making the experience fun and enjoyable but it misses that extra little bit of oomf needed to be an absolutely fantastic experience.  Definite 8/10 game. Solid but could do better. Also be warned, the preview video looks fantastic but it's also being run on a faux CRT with scanlines which changes the visuals. Looks great in motion in the video but on a monitor it looks totally different.
Masterpiece! Good game from old school. Beautiful graphics, easy control and so many nostalgic feels! Ou man.... I love it!
Great game, with an amazing artstyle. It can be abit difficult tho, so be aware of that first if you thinking about buying this game! Otherwise its a great game with pre fun gameplay, amazing visuals and a very cool dystopian like setting! Love it!
Just beautiful! About as good as it could get on CGA, I imagine. The use of the limited color pallete works is masterfull! The animation is superb, and the soundtrack fits the cyberpunk aesthetic perfectly!  The gameplay so far is very much like Flashback on the old Genesis or SNES. The rotoscope animation calls for some very timed jumps and combat, so don't get too frustrated the first few tries.   I'm only maybe 20 minutes into it, [spoiler]A little passed the title screen and lvl select[/spoiler] but I was moved to go ahead and give this a [b]"must play"[/b] recommendation!    It's so good!!!
While at NorthWest Majors, a friend & I played a demo of this game & it was extremely fun. As soon as it was available; I purchased & have shared with many friends who also love to play it now. It is very competitive, easy to play, & has not gone dull at all.  Just wish for online play & this would be perfect. I highly recommend you give this game a shot, it’s not expensive so go ahead & support these creators :)
this game is great and i definetly recommend it to anyone with some spare cash because it is a very enjoyable game.
Very cool and quite challenging game, i'm encouraging you to keep making games, Gnomearc!  I just think 4€ is a bit too much for this kind of game. I mean, i have nothing against giving a token euro to someone who made a cool amateur game. But i think fixing the price higher than one symbolic euro is kind of absurd, since there are tons of free amateur games like this one (or even better ones) on the web. I think lowering the price and/or inviting people to give a little donation would be more relevant.  I'm sorry to say that because SMOKED is cool, but if you have to invest a little money for a game like this, just buy Hotline Miami : it's a little more expensive (though still quite cheap) but it's also better made, more good-looking and longer.
simple but addictive and great  i like it
This is a very good naval wargame with very poor training. If you still remember how to use a boring text manual, go ahead!
At first, everything is incomprehensible, then everything is strange, and after understanding the basics of the game - excellent 10/10
The pinnacle of Totem Games work, Clad in Iron: Sakhalin 1904 expands upon all of the previous works by the devs and really demonstrate the skill and passion they have for the genre. The team has learned from the past and have made a fun, challenging, and absolutely beautiful game. I must warn you, it can be difficult to get into as there is no tutorial but there is a very useful manual and the controls are rather simple once you get the hang of it.
The bigger ships - the better gameplay, of course it's just my opinion and 99% is not only about cruisers and ironclads but it's finally when small torpedoes not only can destroy any ship you choose but also destroyers can be destroyed by huge battle stations of new era. It's finally not only fast naval combat experience but also experience from different points of view. Well done!  P.S. Watch tutorial video from Philippines first, it's easier to start with it if you are new.
This is the pinnacle of the development of the Ironclads/Clad in Iron naval series made by gamers for gamers. I had the honor of watching bad games become good. There are still a lot of old problems here and it’s hard for newbies. But this does not prevent to enjoy the beautiful and a bit strange game.
This is the best naval game I've played. No fools! Of course, we must understand that this is a somewhat old-fashioned game. But this is a good honest old-school wargame.
If you know how an armored cruiser differs from a torpedo boat destroyer, why melinite is better than gunpowder, and what was the name of the Russian and Japanese admirals in the Tsushima battle, then I recommend this game to you. You will understand the rules, learn to use the interface and get your portion of pleasure.
In fact, in this game there are only two sides, one scenario and no training or multiplayer. In addition, this game is short and costs $19.99. Hey, you know what?  I am pleased!  All that makes Totem Games can either love or hate. I love what these guys do, but for many casual gamers the Clad in Iron: Sakhalin 1904 may seem too strange and old-fashioned.
For those who have never played the Totems naval war-game’s:  The first game in the Ironclads series was published 10 years ago. It was a very bad and very strange game. I played this game. Then there were more games. Each of them became better than the previous one, while retaining its own oddities.  In the Clad in Iron games, all the original ideas of the series are finally fully realized. There is still not enough in-game tutorial, a custom battle mode and multiplayer.  In addition, here is the strangest strategic turn-based system I've ever seen. This system has its own logic and works well within it, but this logic is not always based on common sense. For example, here one tiny ship can hold several large battleships at the harbor entrance for a whole week. Also surprised by the instant reaction of the computer AI to the player's actions.  You forget about all this as soon as the game moves from the turn-based strategy mode to the real time sim mode. Here, the outdated old-fashioned interface hides the capabilities of a real admiral of the iron and steam age. The ships can change the formation, the guns are charged with different types of projectiles and are controlled automatically or manually and so on.  All this may not be enough for beginners. If this happens, then do not rush to scold the developers. You just have to know that Totem Games is a group of like-minded people from different countries whose passion is the creation of naval games. They make these games for themselves and their friends, and if they do not know how to do something themselves, then they hire professionals. For example, look at the beautiful realistic 3d models of ships in their games, and you will understand that they are not wasting money.   For those who have already played the Totems naval war-game’s:  This scenario is about the Russian-Japanese war, there are swift destroyers and torpedo boats, mad shootouts and a lot of torpedoes. What else do you need? Come on!
I'll start with the most important - this game is unfriendly to newbies. There is no training or anything like that. To learn how to play, you need to read the user manual and watch some tutorial videos. In general, the game is nothing complicated, but you need to spend your time to figure it out. For a fan of naval war games like me, this is not a problem.  No less important point on which depends the perception of the game - this is not a commercial project and this is not an indie. I bought the first game of this Ironclads series, when nobody heard about indie devs. All the money from the sale are investing in the new games in free time. Developers are actively communicating with players in social networks and forums as Grogheads, Subsim, Octopus, SimHQ etc.  I did not have any technical problems. There is a large selection of graphics options. Saving and loading work fine. This is the most beautiful naval sim and war game I've ever seen. The change of weather and the effect of waves on the ship are very realistic. I like it.  The UI of the Ironclads series has not changed for several years. On the one hand, he does his job well. On the other hand, everything is too small - both icons and fonts. I think that this game can be called historical war game. The developers responsibly approached the modeling of the situation around Sakhalin and the Kuril Islands at the beginning of the Russian-Japanese war. 3d ship models correspond to their historical prototypes.  It is interesting to play strategy. The computer opponent tries to use all his strengths and does not forgive mistakes. I remember that some players do not like the ship movement system. Here everything is unchanged. This game has its own rules. Sometimes they are pretty abstract, but with this you can play and have fun.  Playing the simulator is not boring. In this era, there were already fast warships, rapid-fire cannons and torpedoes. Usually you spend from 30 minutes to one hour for each fight.  Generally, it is a short game. For 5-6 hours you can finish the game for one of the parties. That is, it takes about 12 hours to play for Russia and Japan. Of course, you can play more than once. Every time there is a new situation.  I like this game and I recommend it to lovers of old-fashioned naval games. 
This is my 3rd game in Clad in Iron game series and I have to say it feels most polished of then, I seen Philippines was updated too but I didn't check it, so torpedoes are stable, ships are stable on x4 acceleration at least for my PC, water looks better, probably developers tuned it, from technical side I got not surprises.  From gameplay side, it's a surprise! This game (at least on current state) is about torpedo destroyers, both sides have a lot of them, Russian Empire even 3 types including 25 tons super small boat. You shoot and shoot and again lots of torpedoes and get them from another side, it super fast and intensive, I spend in the first fight only 20 mins an finished it in auto-resolve when a result was on my side, and still I have a lot of ships to sank and harbors to take!  I continue to play and probably update review soon.
My first impressions of the game are the most positive. I played almost all the games in the Ironclads series and I feel that this is the most rapid gameplay.   Down with the agonizing wait until the monstrous 15-inch Dalgren’s finally finish reloading. Everything is fast here: shells from all sides, destroyers at full speed and torpedoes, torpedoes, torpedoes!  All right, well... let's see what happens.  UPDT  I play on a tablet PC (Acer Aspire Switch 11). This is not the most powerful device, but it is enough to easily play in turned-based strategy mode. In real-time sim mode, I can still play at the minimum graphics settings. There are some problems, but I remind you that I have a tablet PC.
Except for Cry of Fear, I've never encountered a horror game as good as this (I haven't played the Silent Hill games, but hear this is on par with them).
This game. My God, this game! Lost in Vivo is my first horror game I've ever played, and it's great! For anyone who is a fan of either Indie Games, Horror Games Artsy/Retro Games, and above all else, Silent Hill?! Then there is no doubt in my mind you are gonna enjoy this game!  
LoV Is an amazing game. Very rare to find a game that can scare me. Also, it's not just scary, but what really reeled me into this game was the notes and story with the main character. I truly felt like I knew what the MP was going through in different ways, which made me more determined to complete this game.  Kira did an outstanding job for an Indie game, and with Unity engine. Kinda encourages me to try out making a game someday.
Very, very spooky.
Absolutely a great gem of a horror game. Love everything about this.
Amazing Scares, creative monsters, small rooms, and insane ambiance. Great game with some of the best horror elements I have seen. 
I haven't played a horror game this good since Silent Hill 3. If you like Silent Hill, you'll like this. It has all the hallmarks-- atmosphere based scares, enemies with symbolism that really MEAN SOMETHING, mind games, and just a general feeling of pure dread, being afraid of the things you can't see almost more than the things you can, puzzles...   I loved this to pieces and it's probably my favorite horror game on Steam, period.
The best horror game that i have played, is really scary and claustrophobic i loved. Is very inspired by silent hill the enemies,some scenarios,but no so much that ends up being the same thing it has they on history,grafics,enemies and way to scary the player if you wanna a game that claustrophobic,spooky and it looks like silent hill lost in vivo is the game that you should play 
I  j u s t  w a n t  m y  d o g  b a c k  p l e a s e.         This game great.
One of the best horror games in played in 2018. Great music, hidden game modes, good gameplay, lots of spooks and appealing ps1 styles graphics. And a good NG+ that changes enemy placements.
A solid 3 hour PS1-styled game for fans of classic horror. Doesn't rely on jumpscares or gore and instead builds a spooky atmosphere with distorted sounds and grotesque/unexpected enemies. I didn't care so much for the underlying story, seems like every indie horror game these days wants to use "mental health, insecurities, and fear of childbirth" as main themes. There's a few puzzles to solve and weapons to obtain, and there were some cool sanity effects a la Eternal Darkness that got me. Bonus points for having a hidden "Midnight Mode" that is only accessible between 12-1am. Looking forward to the dev's future works.
My favorite indie game right now. Such a good perspective on claustrophobia. The walls shake wen u panic and only stop if you completely stop moving. The overarching motive to conquer fear is shown in the game mechanics such as regenerating health faster wen you progress further into the horror. Love it! if you can handle low poly graphics this is for you!
Brilliant indie horror, definitely one of Steams hidden gems. Atmospheric, disturbing and outright terrifying when the game's at its best, at it's worst it's mildly frustrating but that was mainly due to my own incompetance during some of the puzzles / timing based sequences. It's on the short side but that's not an issue for me; as I find my precious free time slowly dwindling thanks to university, I appreciate a game I can sit down and experience a run in full* over the course of a few hours.   * The run which I played is one of many; there are multiple branching paths and various endings to discover. There's also 'midnight' mode; a secret rogue-like mode that only unlocks after midnight. Basically, there's a lot more than just a few hours of content here.
So this is how claustrophobia feels like...
This game is an absolute masterpiece... the only game that has ever come even somewhat close to the horror legacy that was Silent Hill, my favorite horror game. This game will have you shaking in your seat constantly turning your head to make sure that sound you heard was only in the game. Brilliant sound design and one of the best Unity games I've ever seen!
[b]Very Silent Hill esque. The game has the graphics of a playstation one game which adds to the unsettling imagery.  Shooting is satisfying and responsive, the soundtrack is eerie and this game is a true horror game. It's a game where it isn't about stupid jumpscares or cheap audio changes this game constantly haunts you with purely visual and audio horror.  Game is really cheap for all the content you get. Easy recommend if you like horror games and if you don't at least try it, it will change your mind about horror games in general.[b]
A brilliant horror game that takes heavy inspiration from Silent Hill. The atmosphere in this game is incredible and full of disturbing creatures. I couldn't recommend this game enough, especially if your a fan of the Silent Hill series.
Lost in Vivo is a return to form, a return to the roots of Survival Horror.   Unlike most modern Survival Horror games that create a dreadful and atmospheric atmosphere setting by removing any protection, Lost in Vivo gives you the tools to keep you safe while also instilling the classical feeling of dread and anxiety classics such as Silent Hill, Resident Evil and Alone in the Dark gave the player.  This is truly a masterclass in the horror genre and I can't wait to see more games from Kira.   The game has it's faults though, do not get me wrong. Some sections are a bit strange and the pacing can be a bit dodgy but that's fine.  With a fair amount of content, achievements, and ways to play. I still have a long way to go until I finish this hidden gem.  All in all, Lost in Vivo is a game for classic horror fans by classic horror fans.  ===  Story - 7/10 Combat - 6/10 Atmosphere - 10/10 Soundtrack - 10/10 Art - 8/10 Horror - 10/10
[b]7/10[/b]  The best thing about Lost in Vivo is the enemy design, as the different enemies you encounter are both unexpected and unnerving. Lost in Vivo is my preferred type of horror game (more action oriented), giving the player weapons to dispatch the enemies they confront. I'm tempted to go into detail on the appearance of some of the enemies, but will refrain, as that might undermine the experience for new players.  Another neat aspect of the game is the directional sound used to locate your dog in the sewers. You'll let out a whistle, and the direction of the subsequent barks will clue you in to your next move. It's not the most complex mechanic, but it's satisfying and something I've not often seen.  Unfortunately, I had a difficult time reconciling my feelings while playing the game with the purported theme. I am told that my character is claustrophobic, and I certainly traversed through tight spaces in the game, but I was not given any in-game feedback that my character was uncomfortable. While it's possible that the enemy encounters are meant to represent the discomfort of the character, I had difficulty seeing this connection. I never felt uncomfortable or hurried while I was in the game's tight spaces. Perhaps if more enemies spawned as I spent more time in a particularly tight space, or if I began to take damage after too long, I'd more acutely understand the main character's state of mind.  As someone who isn't particularly claustrophobic, the only time I felt this way in the game was for a few seconds while riding in a subway car in which the windows were boarded up. I certainly felt tension during some of the enemy encounters, especially if I was attempting to pick a lock while enemies spawned behind me, but I wouldn't say that this was akin to claustrophobia. It's entirely possible that I just "didn't get" this game, but other players may end up feeling similarly.  I enjoyed playing Lost in Vivo, as a relatively short and unique action horror game with fantastic enemy design. However, I wouldn't say it made me any more insightful or understanding about claustrophobia.
FUCK
A genuinely spooky and affecting horror game in the tradition of SILENT HILL and ETERNAL DARKNESS. The campaign is lengthier than I expected and the scares and atmosphere are great.
if you like horror and silent hill atmosphere i'm sure you will enjoy this game awesome work and worth the money, probably one of most scary games i have played in a long time  :)
Tired of what the horror genre has become?  Me too.   Jumpscares, FNAF crap, and maxed out graphics are all cliche and what I would consider CHEAP horror.    This goes beyond that.  When you're expecting a jumpscare, nothing happens.  The foreboding score to this game will give you nightmares for years.  The sense of dread and loneliness will immerse you in a deep depression as a good horror game should.  I wish more people were talking about this CLEARLY loved passion project.  Thank you KIRA for showing us the meaning of horror again.  One of, if not the single best horror games I've played since SH2.
It goes from Silent Hill in First Person to Dark Souls/King's Field in First Person if you play during Midnight. I highly recommend trying this mechanic out. The game itself (so far) has been fun. Will post if anything changes, but I highly doubt it would (it's been great and I think it'll keep being a great experience).
Lost in Vivo really deserves to be played by more people and especially if you love the world of Silent Hill and the symbolism/symbolic monster and characters. If you miss Silent Hill then I can assure you that Lost in Vivo will not leave you disappointed as pretty much everything except location is exactly like Silent Hill used to be and I adore this game for reminding me why these games were so great. I miss Silent Hill too just like everybody who grew up with the franchise and I would recommend this to pretty much any Silent Hill fan under the sun as I cannot praise this game enough for reminding me how great these games were when it came to themes, atmosphere and symbolism. I miss the days when the monsters in your horror game actually meant something and represented something for your main character.  Lost in Vivo is horror done right. 10/10 game if you can look past the graphics as it exceeds in the atmosphere and horror department. Also, You need to save your cute little corgi dog ^^ game gets points for having a cute dog in it :D   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prxY25hLjI0
I used to spice up horror games with a few bits of alcohol here and there.  I don't anymore thanks to this game, it's amazing, certainly great.
Well shit I got the very very bad ending but I think it was the best ending. No dog is worth this shit. Sorry Maggie the support dog, you're not worth it.
this is actually a good game. with good music and atmosphere. its also a complete game. yay. buy it. yeah. (not being sarcastic)
This game is a diamond in the rough.  As underrated as it may seem, Lost in Vivo is and excellent game. It is one of my favorite horror games. The poor graphics (compared to triple A games) make the game even creepier. The game does not include too many jump scares, but when it is featured, it is done right. The combat makes the horror level of this game far more superior compared to other scary games without much combat. You feel under-powered, but you are not hopeless. What I love is that every new game plus is a different experience. Enemy placement is shifted, making the game a lot more fresh. The multiple endings are also great. The only complaints, if any, are that sometimes the DB shotgun's barrels will still be open after loading and the sledgehammer and the knife seem identical, making it pointless to feature it.  9/10
too scary
Lost in Vivo is a rare gem in a genre that is inherently subjective, that being horror. The game itself features a series of levels with an opening that is surprisingly good at warning you what you're getting into. Every area is unique, enemies are in a cast that makes each area different not only in aesthetic but also in tone. The game's creator, Akuma Kira, is also a name that anyone who's played 'Spooky's Jumpscare Mansion' may recognize as the composer for a good number of the soundtracks in the game, and that talent for theme creation definitely shows itself in the astounding audio design of the game.  In short: If you enjoy horror games, and would like to add a quality horror experience to the mix, then this game just might be right for you
Lost in Vivo is an atmospheric psychological horror game by KIRA. This game focuses on claustrophobia and uses tight environments to spark that fear. The design for this game is phenomenal. The enemy design is well done and the soundtrack made by Jarren Crist, Nolan Reese, and Kira manages to fit no matter what environment you're in. There's even a few bangers in the soundtrack by the way. Good job on the game guys keep up the good work.
Scared me more in 16 minutes than Resident Evil 2 did in 6 hours
Game about saving a doggo? 10/10 for me Also it's still updated by developer which is nice.
This game takes inspiration from silent hill, and it does a really good job. Plus, A really good sountrack. I would love to see more games from this dev.  dog
So, I could perform a more traditional review of this title, I feel that is unfair. Instead, I will simply say this; This is a purely single player experience that receives constant updates, fixes, and additional content, all while being 12$ US. Yes this is a Good Game, but you're expecting me to say that. Consider this, I love this title, but moreso, I feel loved by it's developer. In 2019, what more can a cynical consumer ask for than that. Thanks Kira. Happy Hunting fellow steamy bois.
the game is just about getting the freaking dog.   good game yeah 9/10
This is a depressingly awesome gem of psychological horror. Seemingly inspired by the cult classic 'Silent Hill' and modern indie horror like 'Cry of Fear' and even 'SCP' series.  Stylized and creatively distorted visuals, haunting ambient sound design, terror-inducing presence as well as non-linear simple-yet-impressive narrative all add to the feel of dread and overall gloom of the story.  Oh, and the mind games 'Lost in Vivo' features :) fiddling with the player in ways I did not expect a game would. Best played in the dark of the day or the quiet of the night, the atmospheric venture would certainly tickle your nerves and, along the way, you'll find out what kind of person you really are.  A definite recommend for gritty psychological horror fans as well as a bold therapeutic choice for anyone willing to overcome one's lingering phobia. There's actually a surprising lean in that direction...
Fantastic horror game, thanks pyrocynical
Thankfully, I did not wear my pants while playing this.   Instead I shat all over my chair instead of in my pants.
Absolutely the best horror game i've ever played. I had a sense of pure dread the entire way through and was on the edge of my seat the whole time. Highly recommended  I know it says i only have like half an hour in this game, i played it offline cuz I had no internet. my reviews still valid
2spooky4me. Also, no left hand support; you have been warned...
Good short horror game with different possible endings. You will find weapons to defend yourself here. I'd play more from this developer.
Short and to the point  This is a fantastic indie game that has a great hook (instead of a saving a damsel, you rescue a cute doggo) and it does what it sets out to do, be a Silent Hill-alike, very well. I legit enjoyed this, and I've recommended it to as many friends as I can.  Just be warned- this game is pretty freaky!
A love letter to Silent Hill 1 that still maintains its own identity.  Sound design is 90% of what makes a horror experience successful, and the first thing you should notice is that this game absolutely nails it in every aspect. It's a surreal nightmare with a medium emphasis on combat, and it's a damn good journey. Every area is different from the last, and each has something terrifying and memorable that happens. I loved Spooky's Jump Scare Mansion and I loved Lost in Vivo. I can't wait to see what KIRA does next.  One final important thing to note is that this game is FULL of secrets. The cassette tape scenarios, secret ending, and hidden modes are all mindblowing and unique experiences, and you owe it to yourself to find them all.
Wow, this game doesn't pull any punches. It wants you to feel as on edge as possible for the entire ride. The music and ambient noises really crawl into your skin, so much so that even the sound of a door opening is enough to terrify you. This game is FANTASTIC with atmosphere to say the least. Probably one of the few horror games I've played in my life that actually made me scream at points. It's all worth it to save your dog though, I mean, come on. It's an adorable Corgi. How could you not fight bloodthirsty demons and vile creatures for your Corgi? Oh, and do yourself a favor. Start this game up around midnight. You'll be in for a surprise.
Frickin SCARY
nice doggy
This game is just one big consecutive panic attack and I love it!
All of my yes.
This game is worth buying.  It's a game that loves to make you feel dreadful through the atmosphere.  You walk around by yourself with nothing to keep you company but your dog's barks sometimes.  The atmosphere is strong but then the game realizes that you haven't had an anxiety attack within the last 10 min and then proceeds to scare you so you end up falling out of your chair.  This is a great game and if you're a fan of horror then this is a masterpiece for your wallet, also it has some hidden game modes and you should check them out.  I can't wait for more of something like this.
[h1][b]Silent Hill like you've never experienced before.[/b][/h1]  [h1][b]About The Game:[/b][/h1]  Lost in Vivo is an indie darling developed by Kira & a very talented small team of developers who have gone to great lengths to capture the essences of real survival/psychological horror.  The game takes major liberties from Silent Hill in the psychological horror department, with an ever changing world & goosebump inducing atmospheric soundtrack. It also takes liberties from the classic Resident Evil's in the survival horror department with it's incredibly scarce ammo placement & plenty of.  [h1][b]Plot:[/b][/h1]  The plot of the game is very simple. You need to get back your precious doggy! After a severe flood sweeps away your dog in the beginning 2 minutes of the game. It's your mission to get them back, climbing into the sewers you're faced with nothing but dark corridors & spoopy monsters!  Along the way you'll encounter messages & notes left behind by previous occupants of the levels that will explain strange occurrences & give a little bit of backstory to the events you may encounter.  [h1][b]Gameplay:[/b][/h1]  The game consists of everything you'd expect of a game heavily inspired by classic Silent Hill & Resident Evil titles. Puzzles, long, dark, empty corridors & plenty of strange & spooky happenings, with the occasional combat segment sprinkled in between all the psychological mind f&!@ & scares. However unlike what you're probably expecting, the game doesn't rely on jump scares to scare the player!  Scares in this game actually are designed in a way that not only is unexpected but directly cause discomfort & dread to build from the tension of not knowing if what's ahead is even real. A large influence on the scares in this game come from the on point soundtrack & sound design, the soundtrack ramps up to what might be a jump scare..... then! Nothing. Yep, nothing happens?! The game literally just used atmosphere to build tension without a pay off. However, what about walking down this quiet corridor when all of a sudden, an enemy spawns behind you! No warning, no expectation just there it is. The game actively messes with the player to build tension with the sound design only to teach the player that the soundtrack isn't to rely on for knowing when a cheap jump scare is imminent.  Combat in the game is simplistic, you have 1 attack & a block button. Just hack away until an enemy dies. Simply but effective. Weapons (so far) have consisted of a Handgun, Shotgun & a few melee weapons for me. Most of the combat will have the player rely on their melee weapons to kill (due to the limited supply of ammo) & the ability to conveniently block incoming attacks on command.  The game has several different endings and a few secret game modes (that you'll be required to figure out how to unlock), the game also has a New Game+ mode which allows you to restart the game with all your previously unlocked weapons for a subsequent playthrough.  [h1][b]The Verdict:[/b][/h1]  Lost in Vivo is a stellar Indie title, as somebody who generally doesn't play too many indie games I was hooked when I first booted in. I'd heard this game was similar to my beloved Silent Hill but I wasn't expecting it to feel like the Silent Hill 4 we never got. (Silent Hill 4: The Room was NOT a true Silent Hill sequel!)  With Lost in Vivo's incredible sound design, use of the soundtrack to create an atmosphere & unpredictable use of psychological horror to produce dread & fear, this game has quickly become a very memorable title for me & a very high recommendation.  [h1][b]My Rating:[/b][/h1]  I'm confident when I say I'd give this a 9/10. No game is perfect but this game is [b]GOD DAMN[/b] close!
Creepy and disturbing FPS horror game ;! 7/10 ;!!
have you seen my dog?
Condemned 3 confirmed!
i dont have a properly written thing yet but ill put it out when i do. very good horror game
great game.
Great Silent Hill successor
Sure this game is a little overrated but that by no means dictates that it's a bad game. However, I have the smallest nitpick in the world, can you please add hands to the weapons? I know like I said it's not a big deal but I think it would really make this game look quite a bit more like an actual game, rather then a unity tech demo.
dog.
Yeah sure the jumpscares make me freak out BUT the atmosphere alone already has me at the edge of my seat. This is horror done right.
In most triple A horror games, you're surrounded by characters who talk, discuss and eventually, die. The conversations these characters offer brings me a slight comfort, as I feel like I'm not entirely alone. In this game however, you're stuck underground as you keep venturing forth to retrieve your beloved service dog. During your search, you find notes from previous people who took the same path as you, who either succumbed into madness, or died along the way. There are no conversations to be had down there. After all, this is a game about claustrophobia, and what's more claustrophobic than possibly dying deep down in a hellish sewer system where nobody can hear you scream?
Ok horror game until the second act. then it becomes very good.
Best thing I can say about Lost in Vivo is that it's very clearly inspired by Silent Hill, and it's very effective at being that. An inspired little indie psychological horror game. It has quite a few interesting 'moments', and concepts. Has actual combat, for once in this modern era of walking simulators, so there's that. Notice how I said 'very effetive', instead of 'very good'. Don't get me wrong, while the game *is* definitely worth its' price and certainly is overall good, I've found some of the gameplay mechanics and the whole narrative structure to be lacking in places.   First of all, combat should be reworked. You have guns, which is nice, and you should pretty much have enough ammo to kill all the killable enemies in the game, but why should you even use it? I beat the whole game pretty much just only using melee, because your health regenerates like Wolverine or a CoD protagonist, so basically enemy fights are kinda pointless since there's no tension, since you can just wait 20 seconds after knifing entire room of monsters, and you can regain 100% of your health, even if you're almost dead. My first instinct was to save ammo for boss battles, but turns out you can't actually damage them like that, you have to out-puzzle them, which is nice, but kinda drives home the point that combat system in this game, while is a positive addition, is ultimately pointless when you realize how you can cheese it. [b] How would I fix it? [/b] First of all, remove health regeneration, and maybe add a health restoration mechanic to save stations, or maybe rebalance the ammo and add a scooby snack medkit system, that way you'd actually be concerned with your health. Second of all, maybe make the bosses killable with firearms and physical damage, but it would require like 30 shotgun shells and 30 pistol rounds to kill him, some actual mini-boss battles would be appreciated.   The levels themselves feel a bit disjointed and lack a sense of cohesion and progression. You could interpret it as a introspection of a psychologically disturbed mind, or you could blame it on a lack of overall level design. One moment you're fighting eyeless hobo, next you're fighting giant cockroaches from fallout, the next you're literally playing against SCP-137 in a science lab, all the while having completely different tone and themes in the levels themselves. While this isn't really something that you think of during the game itself, but if you stop and think about it after completing the game, it does all kinda feel like a disjointed fever dream, and hey, if that's what the author was going for, they got it. Maybe this is an issue of a small production budget. Some NPC's and more segments from the 'real world' would flesh out the character and the world, but I guess it works for a small pixel-art horror game.   Also, as a side note, please don't lock the alternate game modes in option menus and behind weird gimmicks, most people probably won't unlock them by themselves, and it's not like they require any type of skill or craftyness, one quick escape to the 100% steam achievements guide can help you unlock all of them in a beat, so what's even the point of hiding them, other than to have most people miss the awesome music tracks for the car mode?    Overall, it's a very enjoyable and engaging game, and I'm looking forward for a more well-rounded experience from this Evil Akira guy.
A well-done horror game that deliveres its share of weird, creepy and unsettling experiences -- some of them fresh and unexpected, most formulaic and seen in tons of games before. The low-poly aesthetic really helps to create the atmosphere: the ugliness of PS1-era style of graphics make it hard to use well, but they fit right in when you're making a horror game. The gameplay is fine, though a bit tedious and has too many sequences where you do nothing but move forward. They're probably supposed to create tension and make you jumpy for the next jump-scare, but they're just too long and feel like wasted time. On the other hand, the parts where stuff happens are tight and properly creepy. The game's biggest downside is a lack of coherence. It feels like a collection of episodes from different horror games glued together, with no overarching plot or theme. Is it about ghosts? Zombies? Terrible secret experiments? Manifestations of a troubled mind? A metaphor for overcoming personal trauma? A vision quest of a psychoterapist's patient? It's everything and nothing: don't try to understand what's going on, what's real and what isn't, just enjoy the ride.
One of the best horror games I've played in awhile. While the combat sometimes falls short the sheer atmosphere makes up for it completely. Plus the soundtrack is fan-fucking-tastic
This was one of the most surprising games i've ever played.   I knew it was an homage to Silent Hill, but I didn't expect it to stand so damn well on its own. From all i've heard, I expected it to be good but I didn't expect it to be this good. This game has atmosphere oozing out of every pore, and do NOT even get me started on the incredible soundtrack that follows you every step of the way, keeping the experience as intense, claustrophobic or paranoia inducing as it needs to be.   The visuals are deliberately no frills "old school", with some gore here and there but nothing too over the top. Just enough to be unsettling and never trying too hard to gross you out. There's some seriously perfect restraint and balance at play here.  I am DESPERATELY anticipating whatever this dev does next. I hope this game succeeds in helping them produce more and more quality games like this one.
An intense and terrifying horror game with amazingly oppressive sound design/music and creepy monsters. If you love horror games you're not allowed to pass this up.
[h1] you've been to hell and back, confronted your fears, and gotten stronger. [/h1]  an indie horror game that i couldn't recommend more.  when it comes to the story, its not a thing you're supposed to get at face-value. it takes a lot of interpretation post-game. i wish i could say more, but the header's already pushing it.  when it comes to gameplay, it feels like a homage to the games like silent hill 1-3 while managing to place a few other sneakies in too. its great. it features a new game plus mode, which shakes up enemy placement to keep things tense. the game also has 3 different endings, a good, bad, and very bad ending. some of which are easier to get than others. it also features 2 different side-modes, however they serve as more of an icing on the delicious cake for those who wanna dig deep and squeeze a few extra hours from this game, as they are hidden from the naked eye.  the only "real downside" that i have for this game is that its too short. that isn't to say you should get this game on sale, because what it has is worth the twelve dollars, but i just wish there was more content in this game for me to play.
[h1] LOST IN VIVO [/h1] (SPOILER ALERT)  im gonna talk about the first hour of lost in vivo so you walk your dog and it takes like a minute untill the dog gets lost in a sewer drain so you look for him in the sewers and you found a slege hammer and then a creep in a hoody tries to kill you but you killed him sweet so you go to a small sewer area you hear a noise of something (and thats not a human) so you crawl to a room and theres a hole you go down the hole and you get lost in these sewers and then you see horrific monsters they look like humans but black (not being racist) and 2 heads you go to a fenced off room and you find a broken hand gun and... thats all buy the game and this is better than silent hill homecoming LOST IN VIVO [h1]MIDNIGHT[/h1]                                                                                         this is a bonus mode at 12:00AM you get play this game you wake up and grab sword and destroy coffins to make way and then you must have 30 coins of silver to slay the midnight king [h1]dark mode[/h1] you drive in a car and in the car theres the bag from p.t. and the bunny from silent hill 3 and scary shit happens outside of the car
Broken. Was thoroughly enjoying it until I reached the room before the boss and had my save erased. The boss got stuck in a wall and I could push it around by running into it. But no matter what I did I could not kill it. So after 15 minutes of straight knifing it's face I gave up, realised it wasn't the game fucking with me and ALT-F4ed it. When I got to the home screen, I could no longer hit continue. I lost 2 hours of progress because the game broke on me. Fucking ridiculous. I can't refund it since its been in my backlog for way over 2 weeks. Shame.  What the fuck? This game just fucked with my head so much. After pressing new game just to see and seeing the intro, I ALT-F4ed it and almost uninstalled it. I tried one last time, and what? My data was back. Easily the biggest mindfuck in a long, long time.
First horror game where a jumpscare gave me a real gutteral scream!!  [h1]What I liked![/h1] The biggest appeal with this game is its focus on claustrophobia and horrifying soundscapes which metaphorically chokes the player with constant uncertainty and dread as is synonymous with good horror games.  While you make progress you'll find yourself tightening your gut in fear of what Lost in Vivo has in store for you next.  I really appreciated how well the pacing was for each safe/save room and how some of them change.  It's imperative for every horror game to provide the player with some relief especially for chickens such as myself.  Lost in Vivo places these rooms far enough away from each other that you're both able to save at reasonable intervals while sometimes you're separated from them completely which increases the tension and suspense.  The game is heavily inspired by Silent Hill, if you played through it it's impossible to not notice at least a few of its tropes like the soundtrack, environments, imagery, menu UI, ways it handles some scenes, etc.  As someone who's played through those games last October it was refreshing to see but I can see why others may feel that it may be "leaving its references on its sleeves" a little too much.  Jumpscares are in the game but they thankfully appear infrequently which helps the game establish a more mellow and isolating tone.   Some of my favorite portions of the game were simply moving to a brand new areas, whether it be a frightening/unnerving environment, a trek with uplifting music, or even a surprise it felt captivating each time.  As for puzzles there's only one to solve but I felt that it met the perfect blend between being vague enough that you won't answer it immediately but intuitive enough that you can actually solve it without begrudgingly looking up the answer, at least in my experience.  The game is fairly short with most first playthroughs only taking 3-4 hours long (6.6 hrs for 100% achievements for me).  In fairness I would argue this is a somewhat of a positive since there is no backtracking to bloat Lost in Vivo's content instead  both constantly providing the player with brand new areas to experience and not dwelling too shortly in a new location.  In addition to the main game I also recommend checking out the game's extra content as well, New Game+ is a good excuse to play through the game again for more endings since it offers a slightly different experience compared to your first.  [h1]What I didn't like.[/h1] Unfortunately, like nearly all games this game does come with demerits.  There is a lot of artwork that you will find in the earlier areas of the game due to them being offered as Kickstarter rewards.  It may provide lighthearted relief for some nervous players but in my experience it broke immersion and felt redundant since the safe/save rooms and other moments already suffice this role.  Thankfully later portions of the game lack this "artwork" but may leave a sour first impression for some, not a huge fan of a game subtly advertising another right in the middle of the experience.     There are also some bugs, namely enemies stretching and clipping through walls, animation stuttering while climbing objects, and awkward jumps in player position while walking through a tunnel in one section. With all due respect however these were inconsequential to my overall experience and are likely not to be experienced / noticed by every player.  The final two areas unfortunately are a bit of a let-down.  The game's final boss found in the 2nd to last area starts off terrifying but quickly loses its fear factor due to the final fight against it taking just a bit too long and the enemy itself being quite under-powered.  Despite some of its shortcomings the game does a great job establishing It's tone and at times evokes powerful emotions to those playing.  The soundtrack does wonders to provide this and I can definitely see myself listening to it after finishing the game.  If you're a fan of Silent Hill or horror in general I'm sure you'll enjoy it. 
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the sewer level is the worst; so of course they have to put one in every game.    Here they take the bold step of making the whole thing one big sewer level.  Is there a lot of demand for this out there?  I don't know.  It's like the game industry signed a contract with the amalgamated union of sewer workers mandating a minimum average level of sewer exploration across lineups, like MPG standards for auto makers.     Anyway, you're in a sewer.  My reaction changed a lot as I played this game, which should tell you something about how hard it is to pin down.  At first it seemed like they might actually be playing it straight and you're chasing your therapy dog down a rabbit hole into a strange underworld.  (Wasn't thrilled about the sewer, but enough of that.) Pretty soon I started rolling my eyes, thinking it was yet another one of these navel-gazing you're-in-a-hospital-and-it's-all-in-your-head games where everything's just an overwrought metaphor for your inner struggles.  After that things [i]really[/i] went off the rails.    Was the sewer real?  Was your dog real?  Were you real?  Was it all just a metaphor, divorced from reality altogether and not meant to be taken at face value?  Was it some kind of nightmare or hypnotic trance?  Was there something paranormal happening?  You know what?  I still have no idea.    You could probably piece together some kind of theory based on all the cryptic fragments you find; but who's going to bother with that. There's no journal to keep track of things and you're too busy trying not to get lost and hacking apart whatever weird monster comes running at you next.  Everything about it is so deliberately unpleasant that it's not exactly the sort of game where you're eager for a second trip to savor all of its nuances.  I'll tell you one thing: there's a section that honest to God is one of the most unnerving things I've ever played.  The more you think about how he set it up and all the little subtleties involved the more brilliant it seems.   Nothing else quite rises to that level, although there's so much bizarre stuff here that responses likely will vary widely depending on your tolerance for that sort of thing.  You definitely can't accuse the designer of lacking creativity or daring; but sometimes that can be a double-edged sword.  When a game is this surreal--especially when they start breaking the fourth wall--it starts to feel like there are no rules and therefore no real meaning or consequence to anything you're doing.  It's hard to get very invested in a story like that.  So yeah, you're probably not going to get much out of this unless you're into horror games to some degree; but if you are you're really missing out if you don't play that one part I alluded to. Man, that was something else.    You can find more indie game reviews at [url=https://oddlittlegames.com] oddlittlegames.com [/url] or visit my [url=https://store.steampowered.com/curator/34514756/] curator page. [/url]  Thanks, and enjoy!
Great game. First horror game I've beaten and the price was worth every second.
Honestly, probably one of the best games I've ever played. I enjoyed it so much, and will definitely try to get the other possible endings.
This game is very well made. I played the story in one session, it took about 3 hours to complete. One of the best Horror games I have ever played. The over all eerie feeling of this game makes it great. I Highly recommend you buy this game if you do not have it already.
yes
This is the best horror game I've ever played, this game is a must for any and all horror fans. Seriously, give this game a try.
Thanks, Pyrocynical.
Gotta save that chonky boi
I'm too scared to go back and play the new game plus, but I did somehow make it far enough to get both the good and bad ending. Without a doubt one of the scariest games I've played, that doesn't rely on jumpscares or cheap tactics. I loved the aesthetic and the level design, apart from a few somewhat monotonous areas. Overall this is a great game and one definitely worth supporting.
Great game, very spooky. Graphics are great for the theme of this game and story is excellent
So guys, we did it, we reached a quarter of a million subscribers, 250,000 subscribers and still growing the fact that we've reached this number in such a short amount of time is just phenomenal, I'm-I'm just amazed. Thank you all so much for supporting this channel and helping it grow. I-I love you guys... you guys are just awesome.
Good dog 10/10     If you have any love for the original silent hill games or the survival horror genre in general, for the love of god please buy this game. This is the most impressive indie horror title I've come across and puts most AAA horror games to shame in terms of creativity.
it's good
A horror experience you can't really find anywhere else, this is a breath of fresh air. One of the best soundtracks
This game does an amazing job of keeping tension, with little to no jump scares. Would reccommend for sure, it's worth double the listed price and isnt getting enough attention! Good work on the game :))) im having a blast playing it.
spooky as sh it. better than silent hill and resident evil 1.                      Where's my f u. C. King dog?
One of the  best horror games I've ever played. Everyone who liked Cry of Fear and wants to get back into horror this is the game for you. 
Akuma Kira really made a masterpiece of a game! There are so many things about this game that are great! But I can not grasp the beauty of this game with words! You will have to play this game for yourself! It is more then worth the money!  I'd give it a 9.5/10 for sure! You can't make a horror game much better!
This games takes everything you knew about survival horror and uses it against you to scare you, Just when you think you know what to expect, game turns everything upside down, and it works. It's honestly terrifying! Every encounter with a monster is tense and scary which is not easy to pull of. after every fight I was praying It's the last one for ale the good reasons. Sounds design is fantastic. Sometimes I wasn't even sure if I'm hearing a monster or the ambient. Lost in Vivo might take a lot of inspiration from Silent Hill but it has plenty of it's own ideas which are the highlight of the game. Must have for any horror fan
Really, just a great game. It has a lot of likeness to Silent Hill, but it manages to be its own unique thing and really gets it "right". If you're looking for a horror game that isn't just another walking simulator, this is it! It doesn't deal with the bad tropes of games like Outlast, it doesn't retread the same ground as new-gen Silent Hill, and it doesn't bog the game down with intrusive narrative that over-does it like Visage (which is still totally good and fine.)  Overall, Lost in Vivo is one of the most tense games I've ever played. Allow yourself to be immersed in it. Try to pick up what it's putting down. It's a gem of an indie game.
Holy shit did you do this right 100/10 would recommend to anyone
Great game. I'm amazed at the level of quality that came from a mere 5k dollars. Once again, great game, and I hope to see even more from this company in the future. Oh, and I guess I should say some things about the game in case you were thinking of buying it. The atmosphere is pretty tense, but I found myself able to complete it in one sitting without breaking to much of a sweat. It's messages are very nice as well as there is an underlying story to explore. The game itself is rather short, but it has various endings, and you can likely get more that a few hours out of this. I only played through once and it took almost 4 hours. Plus the creators seem to be planning more as it's still getting updated. It likely won't be anything huge, but it's still nice to see them working on it. I hope you seriously consider giving this game a chance, and supporting this company for future titles.
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1657691850    ===[ ❤ Audience: ]===  ☐ Kids ☐ Everyone ☑ Casual players ☐ Pro players  ===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===  ☐ Potato ☐ Really bad ☐ Bad ☐ OK ☑ Good  ☐ Beautiful ☐ Masterpiece  ===[ $ Price/quality: ]===  ☑ Full price ☐ Wait for sale ☐ Average ☐ Refund it if you can ☐ Don't do it  ===[ ☣ Requirments: ]===  ☐ 90' PC ☑ Minimum ☐ Medium  ☐ Fast ☐ High end  ☐ NASA computer  ===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===  ☐ You just need 2 arms  ☐ Ez ☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master  ☐ Hard (first few hours) ☐ Dark Souls  ===[ ۞ Game time/length ]===  ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours) ☑ Short ( 2 - 8 hours) ☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours) ☐ Long ( 12+ hours) ☐ Endless   ===[ ♬ Story] ===  ☐ It doesn't have ☐ Still better than Twilight ☐ Average ☐ Good ☑ Fantastic   ===[ § Bugs ]===  ☐ Game itself is one big BUG ☐ Bugs destroying the game ☐ Lot of bugs ☑ Few Bugs ☐ You can use them for speedrun ☐ Nothing  ===[ ✦ Others: ]=== Multiplayer: No Singleplayer: Yes
Thank you kira to have maked this!  we need more of this Silent hill horror games, really loved! Good job!
I wasn't what I was getting into playing this game. This game is a true horror game. The environment, the enemies, the sound. Everything about this game makes you feel uneasy. If you can get to the end it is worth the game. I wouldn't say it is heavily story driven because you are trying to just get out of the hell that you are in. This game took me 5 hours to complete. It shouldn't take that long I feel but I was being scared haha. You just gotta push forward. This isn't your average indie game, it is much better!
I love the hell out of this game. For a title that looks like it would fit right at home on the PS1, it’s incredibly horrifying at times. It’s been a long while since I’ve screamed as much as I have while playing survival horror, and let me tell you, I didn't expect it to happen with this indie gem.  Lost in Vivo begins with you taking your cute little corgi for a walk, but when the sky opens up and proceeds to dump rain down on you, your pup ends up washed down a sewer drain. Frantic, you quickly dive in to rescue him, only once you’re beneath the earth’s crust, your doggy is nowhere to be found. You spend most of the first area whistling and following his barks, but it’s not long before you realize that something isn’t quite...right. While the premise is rather vague and ambiguous (it’s apparent that you’re being treated for claustrophobia, yet you end up exploring other people’s thoughts and fears), it’s enough to keep you moving forward in the hopes of rescuing your furry companion.   https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1631352835 The game is split up into about 5 different areas, each containing its own horrific theme and monsters, and as you progress further into the depths, things get more and more surreal and dangerous. This IS a survival horror game. You WILL die. But you also have various weapons available to you, so you’re not completely helpless. Still, weapons won’t protect you from the mind-screws the game tosses at you, and I quite honestly have not seen 4th wall breaking done half as well as it’s done here. I don’t want to ruin any of the surprises, but just be prepared to experience things that will freak you out in unconventional ways.  When the game isn’t fucking with your mind, it’s busy tossing scares at you at the most unexpected moments, very few of which are telegraphed. Lost in Vivo does an excellent job of distracting your attention right before it throws its frights at you, and it’s clear that the developers designed the levels, puzzles, monsters, everything, with the intention of keeping players off balance. By the time you’re halfway through, your nerves are so frayed that every little sound will have you on edge. And let me tell you, the sound design is absolutely fantastic. I haven’t been so unsettled by game sounds since Silent Hill.  https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1632113154 But for as much as I LOVE the first 80% of the game, that final area is a complete let down. I’ve long been a believer that frequent death is not scary, just frustrating, and this once again proves my point. You’re tossed into an area where you’re constantly bombarded by monsters that are difficult to target, there’s little room to move, and you’re likely to spend several runs getting ganged up on and killed. It wasn’t fun. It wasn’t scary. It was just something I had to get through so I could finish the game.  That said, I wholeheartedly recommend Lost in Vivo for everything it does right. And what it does right, it does REALLY right. Considering I’m pretty desensitized to horror games these days, the fact that I was terrified to progress through some areas should tell you all you need to know.  This may not be the best survival horror game ever, but Kira certainly knows his stuff when it comes to creeping players out.   [code][h1]Curated by: [url=https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33004802-Chudah%27s-Corner/]Chudah's Corner[/url][/h1][/code]
An underrated gem. Indie horror at its best
I don't really have anything to add that other people haven't already said.  This game is fantastic. The experience is well worth following my dog into the sewers for.  10/10
Great and awesome game that had me and my friend (who I beat the game with), genuinely terrified the whole way through. There's no chill and the times when you hit that save point are straight orgasmic and have us staying in there for way too long.   The game does a lot of smart things, just my only gripe is with some sections being straight-up walking simulator (or crawling simulator), and how you can just bolt through some areas completely ignoring the enemy.  I've seen gameplay of a man in the subway section only having to shoot once.  It's pretty hit or miss in it's build-up, and although the slow sections had me on edge, I can totally see the point of it being boring.    Otherwise, this game makes me and my friend want to endlessly delve into its world and story, while not wanting to touch it with a ten-foot pole. There's almost no jumpscares, just the way the game takes advantage of the imagination is genius.  What's around this corner?  Why are these hallways so long? How are all these sections so perfectly connected?  The game's a masterclass in creating eeriness, due to its sound (which has been fixed), its amazing atmosphere, its story, especially the 4th wall breakage, and confusing yet traumatizing monsters.  On top of all that come multiple endings, extra modes, and a complete package to unravel.  Thanks Pyro! Very cool.  P.S: this game came out on my birthday so that's a bit freakazoids.
Yo this game is scary.
Is The Best Horror Game Of The Century!
Lost in Vivo is a wonderful game that I first encountered while it was still in it's beta. Even back then I knew it would be something special. It's the first game in ages that has actually had me on the edge of my seat. The scares are extremely solid, and take me back to the days of Silent Hill and Resident Evil. Powerful atmosphere, charming visuals, an incredible soundtrack, great audio, and an interesting story make it a must play if you love being spooked.  Though I do have just a few minor complaints: [list] [*]A lot of the enemies behave really similarly during combat. [*]I feel healing items instead of passive regen would have made the game more tense. [*][spoiler]The final hallway leading up to the ending felt really abrupt.[/spoiler] [/list]  Save for these few little things, the game is still absolutely fantastic and I would totally recommend it. It's a beautiful little gem that deserve so much praise.
this game is gorgeous
If you like the Silent Hill franchise and old-school Resident Evil, then you will most likely love this.
This game has some really solid ideas and managed to surprise me a lot, not just by scaring the crap outta me, but also by doing some really neat things that differ from a lot of the reused scare tactics in horror games. Definitely inspired from Silent Hill and similar games.   If you are a fan of horror games, I highly recommend picking this up and trying it out!
I have yet to finish this game, but all I can say is the world feels like a living creature from hell. I have no way of explaining it, but following the sewers and tunnels, its almost as if exploring the bowels of some kind of demon.
awesome awesome game!
Bro this game has made me scream multiple times now like holy shit 
One of the scariest games i ve ever played, it also has around 2..3  well done mind games and destroyes the 4 th wall a fewtimes, overall a very well made game but sadly it s not getting the praze it deserves :(
This game is the scariest game ever made, play it or die
I cannot thank the devs enough for making this game a reality. Silent hill love letter indeed. I am craving more from KIRA. 10/10 would gladly pay for future dlc/or new games. Love it. Need more.
For a $12 dollar game, you're getting just about what you pay for. I'd rather pay $10 though. Petty 2 dollars I know. But those two dollars make up for the garbage ear commit death I experienced along with the overly drug out tunnel crawls.  But, the game has great audio and has some really disturbing concepts along with the visual effects followed within the tapes. Buy this game on kin guin or G the TWO the A, don't pay $12 pay $10.  Also, you buy VIP and supporter credits at moat.gg/store (:
having a great time being scared with a friend. really fun, intense, and scary.  el edit:  finished the game, got the good ending. same as above.   Now, this game is a true horror masterpiece. I'm actually too scared to play it alone.  Even in the beginning, I feel hopeless from the dark, cramped sewers and eerie music. As you progress through this fear inducing, foreboding area, whistling for your dog, and following its positional audio, I believe you start finding notes and stuff to explain the story of the setting you're in. Again, this might not be super accurate, considering my ability to play this game alone is suppressed by my fright. I don't really want to talk about the game anyone since it brings back the horrors I encountered. Okay, I'm not going to talk about myself being scared anymore. Some things I enjoyed doing in this game were running straight for enemies with the sledge hammer (and dying, but it's nice to preserve ammo), being a cockroach in one of the lost tapes (I won't say which one, play for yourself and find it c;), and looking at the bat lady thing in midnight mode. From a/the creator of Spooky's House of Jumpscares/ Jump Scare Mansion, Lost in Vivo is a truly scary game that properly uses claustrophobia to create a feel of panic within the player.    epiccc game i give big thumb up for fear inducing content  tbh i thought the dog died i still love the fact that you can become a cockroach salt bullets that meat thingy that talks in a classy voice, quite the memorable character, hope he makes a cameo in a future game. you should play this game, it's fantastic
This game is FANTASTIC. Many players, myself included, bought it after Pyrocynical recommended it. If you want an indepth review, watch his video. I will say, this game has fantastic atmosphere, tight gunplay, unique enemies, and an intriguing story. It is similar to Silent Hill, an obscure series you probably haven't heard of. It is in the same vein as many Playstation 1 horror games in that it uses atmosphere and plays with your mind more than it uses jumpscares. But where this game really shines, is sound design. It masterfully utilizes 3D sound and playing this game with headphones will make the player swear they are really there. Fantastic horror game, best I've played since Verde Station (check that one out as well). 11/10. (P.S. [spoiler]play the game at midnight to get a secret mode called "midnight mode", I won't spoil it further[/spoiler]
This is one of the scariest games I have ever played. Spooky's House of Jumpscares, KIRA's last project, put me on as much dread as this game. I first thought, "Oh, this looks like another stupid survival zombie horror game." Oh boy, I was wrong. DEAD wrong. The low graphics add a ton to the chill factor for this game. Please, for the love of god, if you enjoy flying out of your chair, buy this game.
epic
I don't know if the walls are flesh, metal or pure rust anymore
This is what every horror game should be like.   Terrifying environment - check Creepy monsters - check Boring "search for X number of item" - uncheck Save your dog - check
[h1] How can a dog get lost this badly? [/h1] Lost in Vivo is an indie horror game that tells the story of a woman searching for her dog. On the walk home the protagonist and her service dog are struck by a particularly nasty downpour. In consequence, the player’s companion gets forced down the broken sewer drain by a literal wave of rainwater running down the street. Despite suffering from severe claustrophobia protagonist enters the nearest manhole in a bid to save her pet. Journey to the underground quickly turns out to be the one into the sewers and main character’s mind in equal measure.  [b] Fear consumes the mind [/b] The game consists of traversing essentially a linear road that will lead the player to one of 4 endings to the game. The literal maze of the underground paths will take the player through a few distinct environments. Be it sewers, a run-down metro line or a mine, the main principle remains the same – it’s a poorly lit, narrow space. The flashlight, often being the only source of light, further deepen the sensation of confinement, with its limited beam stripping the player of their peripheral vision. Choking narrowness is further strengthened by Lost in Vivo’s minimalistic, pixelated graphics. They might be simplistic but they are by no means blunt, pixels slowly changing in colour perfectly deliver the effect of objects coming slowly into the light. They also add a somewhat distorted effect to the visuals empowering a sensation of unease, so very persistent throughout the game.  One can imagine, the aforementioned interiors are far from perfect for a claustrophobic individual and obstacles of the underground inevitably become amplified by the protagonist’s own mind. While some scenes are clearly happening in the real world and other are visibly an allegory of main character inner struggles, the game is really a mix of both. The search for a dog does lead the player to some truly dangerous places, but were the monsters present really there? It is never explicitly told what was really there, and what was a mere projection of the woman’s mind. Especially that both are equally dangerous. The game is much more scary thank to a “show, not tell” approach that Lost in Vivo takes to those dilemmas. Scenes viewed by the player are often up to own interpretation and this uncertainty is far scarier.  [b] A broken shotgun [/b] Having beaten the game myself I was baffled by its trailer. It leads to an impression that  Lost in Vivo is much more combat-oriented, survival title. Don’t get me wrong, combat is a major part of the gameplay with several types of enemies standing in the player’s way, both monstrous and suggestive. Nonetheless, the combat never feels like more than a mere addition to keep the player on their edge, and by no means is a main subject of the game. In truth Lost in Vivo is really much more sublime experience, and for the better. It relies on atmosphere and strangeness to create a far more consistent sensation of tension and fear, only sporadically turning up the heat with a more immediate threat. Those moments are well balanced by calmer sections of the game, allowing confrontations to retain their impact throughout the entirety of the game  Lost in Vivo is otherwise a very self-conscious game with the creator taking certain liberties when it comes to the 4th wall. Starting off with little things such as a description of the flashlight in the player’s inventory saying that batteries are: “guaranteed to last all game!” or the inventory consisting of a literal game manual that describes the controls. This develops to 4th wall breaks being used for some of the best scares further down the line. One may argue that this could break the feeling of immersion, but in my opinion, it was used perfectly to subvert expectations and confuse the player. The self-aware approach ensures that you can never be prepared for what the game is going to throw at you. This design choice allows the fear of the unknown to persist even in the late stages of the game.  Despite being a great horror, Lost in Vivo has to be taken with a few minor grains of salt. Most importantly, the game is really short with only 3 hours being sufficient time to beat it. It doesn’t help that the ending feels somewhat abrupt as the game seemed to have been building up to much more of a payoff than it actually delivers. While puzzles present in the game are either meaningful or self-explanatory, there is a particular one near the end that is unnecessarily frustrating and can easily get you stuck for an indefinite amount of time. Game posses a new game + option, that introduces new enemies, but otherwise Lost in Vivo has very little in a way of replay value. With the fear of unknown gone, there is barely any atmosphere left and alternative endings are not really worth the hassle.  Otherwise Lost in Vivo is a brilliant game, highly recommendable to any enthusiast of a good fright. It delivers a consistently tense atmosphere and highlights how horror genre can benefit from indie development. Budget shortcomings were overcome by creativity and careful use of what was available. Aiming for psychological experience rather than jumpscares and excessive gore properly sets Lost in Vivo apart from the competition.
first section of the game is amazing. the middle drags on a bit and the end is anticlimatic. thought the bulimia stuff was too on the nose. but absolute banger of a game.  also edit: SOUND DESIGN IS AMAZING. GOOD JOB! BEST HORROR GAME I'VE PLAYED IN YEARS.
For a indie game on a very tight budget, the experience was quite good. I liked how it did feel sort of like a Silent Hill game with how the graphics where slightly janky and pixelated like an original playstation title. Not just that but the art style, sound effects and music were very reminiscent of the first Silent Hill.  It was kind of sort, and kind of confusing, story wise however. I have only played through it once so I might lack clearity, but my playthrough felt like the story was sort of rambling in a way. Going from one scary thing to another scary thing with no explination as to how the things are actually connected. At least not apparently. Perhaps it becomes more clear with multiple play throughs, but I would have liked to have have the "ah-ha!" moment at the end when everything clicks and you have the "I see what you did there." moment. Didn't have that with this.  Despite that, I enjoyed the game for what it was and felt glad to have supported an indie developer in the process.  7.5/10  -  Would case my stupid dog down a sewer again.
absolute beauty of a game. glad to see ingenuity and passion come from a game with such a humble appearance.
this game is very scary so if you're into that (unlike me, for now) then have a good time.
It got me spooked a few times and the elevater scene got me, well done!
its a work of art and i dont need to tell you why its so grate others have allready done it
Great homage to Silent Hill with some Twin Peaks and Stranger Things elements in the story and atmosphere. First playthrough will always be best with horror games, but I feel that this game will keep you on your toes for many more playthroughs. For $12USD, you can't go wrong with Lost In Vivo
I'm not sure if I can make myself play through this.  Something about it gets under my skin like few things have.  Play it at midnight for something special.  Seriously.
Amazing little Gem The art, sound and creature are amazing I just wanted to play for 30 min before bed but I was hook until the end... Now I can sleep
I do not generally play horror games (not for that long, anyways) However, this game does seem to be a breath of fresh air from what i normally see (in my experience of them) in most horror games i have played. This game does take multiple cues from games like Silent Hill, even including the rabbit from the third game in a secret (which i shall not discuss further). There are not that many jumpscares, but the experience kept me uneasy throughout. There are a few quirks for your bullet and shell-based weapons, with the pistol sometimes jamming and the shotgun shooting rock salt rounds. The midnight game mode is very fun, having some castlevania look and feel to it. overall, i recommend this game in its intirety.
I kind of liked this game but it was too buggy making it less enjoyable to play. In fact, monsters were stuck behind the walls or under the floor at least twice in every location, hitting my character through walls. The plot is okay, however most of it remains unresolved and unspoken even after completing the game. The best thing here is the atmosphere and soundtrack, silent hill + cry of fear references do a really good job
This game is so good! If you're looking for a fun, creepy and dark horror game with classic PS1 graphics, then look no further. Be sure to play this game with headphones to get the full effect of the sounds and atmosphere, it's very chilling and creepy. If you don't want to buy/play it, then feel free to watch the "Let's Play Lost in Vivo" videos that my friends and I uploaded to our YouTube Channel - JiggleSquidGaming. Link is below and enjoy! :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSLo1n3zSPw
I'll be honest, there are only two games that can scare me 100% of the time thoughout the entirity of a playthrough. P.T. and Lost In Vivo. In fact, I'm writing this review because the first scare in the game got me real bad. The grittyness of the PS1 looking graphics works with the game very well and the soundtrack is extremely good. In a time of games where all scares are just loud sounds with an enemy jump at you, this game doesn't do that. Instead, this game utilizes creepy 16-bit sounds to make you feel scared without instant death screens. I'm probably gonna get one of my braver friends to play this and me laugh at them underneath a pile of sheets. PS, I strongly recommend you play this game with headphones and if you're braver than me, play this alone. The developer Kira also updates the game frequently with patches to fix certain problems for motion sickness and etc which is very cool. I can't wait to see what Kira makes next. 10/10 from me!
John Wick 4: Bad Trip
This game is so good to the point i can't finish it because i'm just a little shit who can't stand the horrors of this game.  Fuck you pyro, 10/10
A very decent game indeed, but people are going on like it is the second coming of Team Silent or something, it's really not, but is a great effort from those who clearly loves and is influenced by the Silent hill games.  Good job,
Lost in Vivo has got to be one of my favorite horror games of all time. Everything from the level design, the monsters, the ambience, story, locations, and even the secret game mode is great. I'm deeply insulted that barely anyone knows about this gem of a horror game. I never give more than a paragraph on reviews, but i'll do my hardest to tell you why Lost in Vivo is a game worth buying.  First off, the games gives you that classic horror game feeling back in the 90's. The old Silent Hills and Resident Evils had a sense of dread because of a few things rather than the horror aspect. The grungy looking decal of the walls and location, the pixelated look of items and monsters when up close, and that noise when monsters are around made me remember Silent Hill. The game takes inspiration from Silent Hill, no doubt about it, but it still feels very original. For the last few years, horror games have been getting less and less scary, falling on tropes like jump scares and loud noises to get the job done, but Lost in Vivo has only a few jumpscares, and some are avoidable; Making this feel more tense as the game progresses.  Another thing this game has going for it are the monsters. They are deformed beings of twisted flesh that look like they are in pain, and that is scary. In the beginning of the game, you fight a crazy person. Scary, but nothing psychological. Then you start crawling though some pipes and when you look back, you see a creature with no lower body crawl after you with fast speed. That put me on edge, not because it startled me, but because it was waiting for me to turn around and see it. That is a good indicator of good fear. Another monster is simply called "Your Brain". A small creature that only proceeds to put you down, make you feel regret. That wasn't scary to me, but it was unnerving to see this thing, claiming to be my brain, tell me of the wrong doings I was commiting. Survival was a key to winning, but are these creatures really monsters?  Lastly, the plot. The story is rather simple: You were walking your pet corgie home when a severe rain storm causes your dog to be swept away into the sewers by the water. You find a manhole cover and proceed into the darkness in search of your dog, unaware of the evils below. It's simple, but effective and that is why everything might be different. You went down into a sewer during a rain storm and the game is called Lost in "Vivo". Vivo is a type of therapy used to reduce fear. One such fear is for flooding, and where do we go when a storm active? A sewer. The location is a perfect representaion of fear, not because of flooding, but because of the dark, claustrophobia, and the unknown. Delve too deep into the darkness and it shall consume you...  This game re-ignited my love for horror games, and for 12 bucks? That's a cheap price for a great game. KIRA, thanks for making this gem of a horror game.
are you a bad enough dude to save your dog from satan's anus?
mi esposa me dejó y se llevó a los niños y ahora vivo en el temor constante de Dios de ser castigado por mis pecados y extraño a mis hijos y ella incluso se llevó al perro, pero este juego es bastante bueno, así que cómpralo
FINALLY a horror game where you can defend yourself instead of constantly running from monsters and collecting random items(or just the plain old jumpscare stuff). Some technical issues aside, it's good to see a game of this type.  I would highly recommend this game to anyone who wants a change of today's "horror-games" and to fans of Silent Hill and survival horror in general.
This game is quite possibly the best FPS Horror game I've played in years!  The pacing in this game is beautiful and never gets dull. Other games have tried to emulate a lot of psychological aspects of what Silent Hill did and fell short a little, but Akuma Kira nailed it.  The combat is particularly clunky, with a few clipping issues and bad enemy pacing. It does kind of play in to the horror genre trope, but it's a little worse than the old Resident Evil Games. This doesn't really detract from the game much and combat is not overdone in this title.  If you're an avid horror fan or are interested in the genre, and feel comfortable playing FPS games, I highly recommend this for you, as long as you don't mind a title that's lacking refined combat mechanics.
Soiled my britches multiple times   Score: Large pizza and a Diet Dr.Kelp
a great atmospheric horror expience
Absolutely amazing horror game. Only game that has had me feeling the same amount of dread/stress would be the Amnesia games.  The retro aesthetic really helps the game, as does the brilliant sound design. Use headphones. I thought the story revolving around saving a dog was dumb, and I'd let that thing go after the first encounter but after the scene where you get to pet the actual dog and it's happy to see you, I gladly trudged through the rest of it.  11/10 would walk my dog in a thunderstorm again.
I'll keep this review short and simple; if you love classic survival horror, games like Silent Hill. Rule of Rose, and so many others, you'll love this game. If you love creative, symbolic, and emotionally impactful storytelling (again, like Silent Hill and Rule of Rose), you'll love this game. If you love scary stuff, you'll love this game. This is a game I'm very happy to have discovered, and I hope you will be too.
I'm too scared to play it.
Silent Hill Sewer Edition. I nearly shidded myself when Sotiris appeared
Silent Hill is one of my most beloved franchises, and I don't throw around comparisons to it lightly, but this is such an inspired concoction of impossible space, captivating atmosphere, and emotional core that it warrants being in the same sentence. It's imperfect, with some odd pacing and minor gameplay faults here and there, but it doesn't matter when there's a stroke of genius player subversion every couple of minutes.
This is one of the greatest horror experiences I've ever had in a video game, save for some particular moments, everything was top notch, and it keeps finding ways to scare me even after I've finished and experienced most of what the game has to offer. 10 out of fucking 10
From what I've seen this game is really damn good, but it's a shame because I crash every time I finish the intro sequence. Tried asking for help with a discussion but didn't get any responses, and I don't know where to send the crash dump to. Keeping this as a recommendation for the game instead of against because even though I can't play it it'd be unfair to disrecommend it. It's also for the fact from that everything I've seen or heard about this game looks like one of the best horror games that's come out in a long time. Sadly I'm refunding this, but if anyone wants to respond and help me get passed the intro sequence that'd be great.
An absolute terrifying experience, Lost in Vivo has a knack for reeling you in and scaring the shit out of you, or even worse, do nothing at all.   The gunplay is incredibly satisfying, while finding rounds for your weapons is a great buttery feeling. Some enemies die in a bloody pop while others are simply only momentarilly stunned before continuing their hunt for you.  Lost in Vivo is an amazing storyteller, providing disgustingly raw points of view through metaphorical gameplay. The setting and tone of every area forces the player to question who the main character actually is.  Despite a slightly large price for a 2-4 hour game containing occasional bugs, Lost in Vivo is an amazing experience for any indy or horror fan.
there is hope for horror
Gave me a severe anxiety attack and nightmares for 2 consecutive nights. There's a cute dog though.   10/10, would recommend.
Exceptionally great horror game with some of the best pacing I've ever seen. Constant horriffic surprises, plot twists and things to keep the player on their toes. Tons of memorable things, and new enemy types in every area. The story also has a lot more substance than I expected, and in more ways than one. It truly captures the essence of SH1 style horror games in every way, even having a great New Game+ system, multiple endings, and secrets -- including Midnight Mode, and apparently a boss nobody has found yet.  My only criticism is that there isn't a lot of feedback when the player takes damage, you seem to drop down from floating whenever you enter a room, and the boss fights are very unusual and thus a bit lacking, since the first boss is not 'winnable' in the traditional sense, the second boss is all stealth, and the third boss is a puzzle of sorts.   With that said, this game is still fantastic and very enjoyable, seriously worth a playthrough.
I'll give this game a "thumbs up" or a "positive" review for the sake of convenience, but there is a bit more to unpack here.  The sound design is nothing short of absolutely spectactular. Some Enemies make their presence known by forboding, ominous and threatening and thunderous ambience that sort of projects from their being, others are quiet and squel or make no noise at all. The presence of some new rhythmic cacophony after you enter a new room will immedietly alert you to the danger, and its a great feeling of dread and anxiety that other horror games just drop the ball on.  As great as this game is at its job of making me feel uneasy, scared, uncomfortable and panicked-- it falls flat on its ass in some other regards.  Some set pieces are absolutely broken, at least during my playthrough. The game has outright killed me in some instances, in a room with no enemies. I reload my save, re-enter the room and now im met with *two enemies who had previously not spawned*. Later, I enter a room with what appears to be a boss, that promptly kills me and upon re-entering the room, I'm met with a different room and layout all together and the boss is gone. Im assuming that was supposed to happen, as some new text accompanied my re-load, but something similar happens later without the enlightening scrolling text. Just flat out kills me in a very odd sequence of it just walking up and looping its auto-attacks, and 20 seconds later Im dead.  TL;DR-- Fantastic atmosphere, mediocre level design, buggy enemies and scripted events.  Overall, worth the 10 bucks or so I had to drop on the game. Has given me plenty of good jumpscares, as well as using its atmosphere to really freak me the **** out.
This is one of those hidden gems as far as horror games go, I haven't finished it but the graphics are very reminicent of PS1 era games. I think this game is best played on the lowest resolution for authenticity if you're going for that PS1 aesthetic.   And that IMSCARED easteregg in the sewer was a real treat.
fucking terrifying
This game is a reminder of how sound quality and atmosphere of legendary horror games like Silent Hill and SH2 made great games with the graphs of the time. Although the graphs are similar to the original SH2 the unique use of sound and atmos gives this game real tension building and scary moments. Fantastic game.
finally a good horror game
Pretty fucking good
Just buy a new dog.
Lost in Vivo is probably my favorite indie horror game as of writing this review, it's a fantastic ride from beginning to end, with tons of creative scares and a true sense of claustrophobia. I am very pleased to say this game DOESN'T have autosave, as I believe manually saving at specifc points in the game help create true terror. I am also enthralled to say this is not a walking simulator, there is combat, but it never feels like it's going into the direction of an action game and feels pretty restrained, thankfully. The Silent Hill inspiration is obvious, especially if you've played any of the older entries in the series, but it's just different enough to stand on it's own. I will admit though, there were some small bits here and there I wasn't terribly fond of, like how the very first enemy type you encounter is pretty obnoxious to deal with, especially compared to later ones. Another issue I had was the length, it's so incredibly short, and for the most part the game takes place entirely in a single location until the very end, where you get a single unique area that feels different from the rest. I also think it didn't HAVE to be in first person, but doing so does help it stand out from the Silent Hill series, along with it's fun art style. Overall, I'd give the game an 8/10, 2018 was a good year for indie horror, as the demo for Visage was also released. I hope future indie horror devs can learn from games like this and make something truly special themselves.
It's a cute little horror game, with some fun twists.  If it weren't for two sequences that were very frustrating to complete, I would have probably loved it.
amazing the game has a way to bring me back every time if u havent played it u should
Scary. No wait... terrifying. Yeah, terrifying.
This game is worthy of being loved for a lot of reasons, the most obvious being its crisp visuals and thick soundscape.  However what i truly love about Lost in Vivo is that it uses your ability to combat the enemies you encounter in a way that increases the tension and fear factor. I understand this is by no means a new concept for a video game, but this one pulls it off with flying colours and is a nice change of pace compared to other Horror games that tend to play more like walking simulators. There's multiple endings, cool secrets and a new game + too if that's your thing. I still feel like i got my money's worth by just beating the game once.  I do wish the sound mixing was a bit better, as some sounds are much louder than others. I also advise against playing the game in fullscreen as you can't go back to the game if you tab out of it (at least i couldn't). Windowed mode doesn't have this issue but sadly it doesn't let you play in 1920x1080.
It's the closest thing we're going to get to Silent Hill probably for a while. Loved every terrifying, anxious filled moment of this experience. Plus, it has a neat surprise at the end once you complete the game which made it even more worth the price of admission. A well crafted, inspired, downright frightening experience that raises the bar for inidie horror/ survival horror titles easily worth the asking price.  
I bought this game after seeing a video about it on youtube. I am sorry to see this game is not being talked about given how fantastic it is. I am a huge fan of the Silent Hill series and this is a fantastic homage to the series. I'm currently on my second playthrough and I am just as on-edge as I had been during my first.
Atomspheric, stylistic, creative, and abstract horror that will leave you a stronger person than you went in.  9/10
holy shit does this game do horror right, and the Silent Hill 2 references definetely brings in the nostalgia, if you like horror done right you have got to get this game! I'm only 20 minutes in because I'm a giant coward and will have to play this with a friend cause playing alone is rough, I tip my hat to the brave souls that tackled this game alone in the dark...
I'm only an hour in, and I can say that this is possibly the best horror game currently on steam. The atmosphere, pacing and sound design are reminiscent of Silent Hill 1-3 (which is clearly a huge inspiration for this game). Buy it.
I've been interested in this game since I first saw it on Itch.io. Visuals are beatiful and horrifying. Audio really lets the games visuals scare you. Akuma Kira and her fellow developers really did an excellent job on this game, garnering a 9.5 from me. I highly recommend this game as the passion they put in the game, reflects on its quality. I also recommend playing the game during midnight. 
A great vidya depiction of facing your demons and accepting who you are, all for the sake of your doggo.
Game scared the crap out of me and I enjoyed the entirety of it. I never felt as if it was becoming a drag because it is great at keeping your attention. Only complaint I have is that the white noise in the background is much quieter than the sounds the monsters make in this game. I walked down a hallway and I feel a slurping noise at the volume of a jet engine entering my ear canal and gave me a heart attack.
Best horror game I've played in years. Unlike most modern horror games it never gets too repetitive to the point of killing the fear factor. The environments, puzzles, enemies and scares consistently stay fresh the whole way through.  I was impressed with what the developer was able to pull off with Unity, both visual and sound design were absorbing and atmospheric.  The creature designs of some of the 'bigger' enemies in the final act were deeply unsettling and memorable.  My only knock against the game is the few 4th wall breaking moments come across as contrived, pointless and imitative.  Overall they did not detract from the experience that much and I can easily forgive them.  [spoiler] Actually I fucking hated the part where you get the fake Unity errors and the fake Windows OS blue screen, how many times has this been done now? Does anyone still get fooled by it?  Stop with this stupid shit already, its only cute the first time your experience it and at this point its been done to death.  o no my save got delet im scared [/spoiler]  Highly reccomend.
all you need to know is you have to save your service dog from silent hill abominations now shut the fuck up, scrap together the money for this game and go save your damn dog
Great experience of a game
There was a hole here. Its gone now.
Really fantastic little indie horror game from KIRA. If you like Silent Hill and appreciate the atmosphere of old school horror then this is a must buy. The only cons for me are that the game is pretty short (But it's pretty cheap, so the price is right). Most of my playtime comes from getting the game to run how I like. Which brings me to the next con. You can't alt-tab out of this game, don't try either because your shit will crash and it'll be a bad time since this game uses good ol' fashioned save rooms. Either you wanna alt-enter first and then alt-tab OR just get borderless gaming for free and try that. Either way all bugs and minor gripes aside, this game is an experience. It's got great music, and it's got the spooks to go along with it on the side.
i had to take breaks just to calm down lol
This game is as if Silent Hill and the movie "As above so below" crossed over. A really great atmospheric horror experience.
thanks to pyrocynical for giving a recommendation to this game this masterpiece really was a resemblence to How Horror genre should've been if you like the old silent hill this game gives a vibes just like it's older predecessor not relying on cheap jump scare but  instend having an actual jumpscare that was what make this game shine the most apart from the fact that it reminds me of silent hill quite alot from sound track to how the map and save station works. 
An absolute masterpiece!
I've been looking for games that could scare the hell out of me without using cheap jumpscares.  This game delivered, and went even further!
If Silent Hill was a FPS, this is it.
Best horror game i have played in YEARS
Huh, gotta thank (like everybody else it seems) Pyrocynical for spotlighting this game.   This game is a perfect example of a game made by someone who has real passion for the genre.  If you remotely like horror games which aren't stupid FNAF jumpscares, you will enjoy this game. A lot.
genuine good game, super scarry with lots of atmosphere and few jump scares, makes me super scared to keep playing but I have to cause it's so well made, defo worth the 12$
It seems like stating the obvious to say that Lost in Vivo wears its influences on its sleeve, but there it is. This game couldn't be more of a love letter to Silent Hill if it tried, but it certainly is a masterful imitation, with enough of an identity of its own that playing it was like falling in love all over again, rather than being reminded of a superior old flame.  The environments and enemies are highly varied. Off the top of my head, I can recall at least eight different themed areas, each with their own distinct visual aesthetic and cast of foes. There's not really much logic behind the ways they connect to each other, but that just adds to Lost in Vivo's surreal, oppressive atmosphere.  Some may balk at Lost in Vivo's low-poly, low-res graphical style, but I found it an absolute pleasure to look at. The grainy pixelated textures lend a lot of personality to the setting. The quality of some of the 3D assets is a little inconsistant (I'm looking at you, corgi) but this is a rare complaint. As others have noted, the sound design is also top-notch, and the game makes great use of directional audio, so heed its advice and wear your headphones.  The story is a mixed bag. On the one hand, it's nicely straightforward and minimalistic, giving you all the motivation you need to move forward, without getting in the way. On the other hand, there are themes that get brought up and are never fully developed, like the protagonist's hinted-at mental illness. It seemed like the writer didn't really know what he was trying to do here.  Gameplay is as tense as you could like. There aren't many jump scares, and it's generally fairly easy to predict when you're about to be thrust into a dangerous encounter, but the atmosphere manages to keep the tension high even in sections where you know you're not likely to be in any immediate peril. Combat is clumsy, which is fitting for a survival horror homage. The puzzles might be a tad on the obvious side, but I never got stuck on any of them, so I'm not complaining.  There are some technical issues. The biggest one for me is that any time I alt-tabbed, the game would stop responding and I would need to force close it. Since you can only save at checkpoints, I would ocassionally lose progress this way.  The biggest problem with the game is its length. It's only a few hours long, and while that means it doesn't overstay its welcome, it does feel like it ends a little over halfway through, leaving me somewhat grasping for meaning.
A superbly well designed game. All the elements work together to create an eerie and oppresive atmosphere. A cool exploration of facing your fears and shortcomings, and a good lesson in that the biggest battles we fight might just be in our mind. Those and the creepily designed creatures you'll come across.
In the sea of saturation, "Lost in Vivo” is burning beacon amongst torrent of mundane horror games. Taking clear influence from the Silent Hill series, "Lost in Vivo" punctures the players with anxiety, horror and thrills in albeit short but consistent journey. The monsters designs are unique and varied, the twisted environments are disturbing and have fantastic lighting, however the sound design is the real standout.Though the mixing is bit off at times, the diegetic and nondiegetic will keep you on your toes and heart pounding. While gunplay is sloppy  it’s an overall sacrifice that make sense, adding additional pressure in combat and realistically you are just some guy looking for his lost corgi in the sewers. As mentioned the game is short but there is  new game plus modes with fresh scares. "Lost in Vivo" is a great indy title and easily one better horror game to come out in the last decade,  definitely worthy of your attention.  8/10
Great little hommage to 90's horror games like Resident Evil and Silent Hill. Pretty solid for a Unity game, and not that short either! And a little surprise if you play the game after midnight.
Woah, that was pretty spooky man.
Damn, this game is certainly a hidden gem of the horror genre. Easily one of the best horror games I have played in recent memory.  I am a huge fan of horror games and I hold this game in high regard close to the original Amnesia in terms of just being a gripping trip.  10/10 would recommend to anyone that is look for a game that will truly mess with your head.
Initial impressions were mixed (the Jeff the Killer quote at the beginning made me go "Oh great another one of THESE") but I was pleasantly surprised.  This is a very well crafted and horrific adventure, one of the first games to fill me with dread and anxiety in years. It manages to be horrifying without jumpscares, with unnerving areas and creature designs. The environments, monsters, and puzzles are varied and pretty good. The story and lore are very interesting. It's no walking sim, with actual combat and secrets. Feels like a first person Silent Hill 1.  Now what I don't like... The game's pretty short. First playthrough was around 4 hours and subsequent playthroughs were only an hour each. Pretty fun but also short. The soundtrack also feels like it's trying too hard to have the silent hill feel. It sounds like someone recreating Akira Yamaoka's work but with slightly less effect, as the soundtrack feels ill-fitting on some parts. Walking down a creepy hallway while bass tunes start has less of an effect than when similar tunes kick in during important moments in SIlent Hill. Still good though and every industrial/otherworld track is excellent and add to the oppressive atmosphere.  Overall definitely get this. At $12? It's a steal. It's a memorable and horrific experience. Can be cheesy with slight references to internet creepypastas and the emulation of the silent hill soundtrack, but neither of those damage the experience at all, really. An intense, oppressive game that's short is better than a boring game that drags on for 16 hours anyways. You can tell some real love went into making this.  
I can only hope I'll find someone who will do for me what this guy did for his dog.  for a nice surprise play at midnight.
This was one of the best horror games I played in the last few years. I never had such an experience before and the atmosphere of the game was amazing. It was incredible fun playing trough this game. It had a lot of really intense and scary moments, so good you enjoy the silent moments in this game. The best part that brings back my nostalgia is that there is a safe room with beautiful music, it gives you a feeling of safeness just like in resident evil 4 or other old horror games. I can only recommend this game for an amazing experience, I am definitely looking forward to buy more games from the same creator...   Wish everyone a great day !
[h1]A horror game with a big, cold, black and bleeding heart![/h1]  [b]This game need to be celebrated as an outstanding addition to the horror genre. [/b]  This showed up in my queue and seeing as it had "overwhelmingly positive" reviews at the time, I checked it out on a whim. I'm a big Silent Hill fan so the first thing I noticed was the similarities in the trailer. When you start the game you'll probably notice the graphics right away. It looks dated and I'll admit at first, it was a bit of a turn off. However, as you progress through the game, you start to notice that it is all a part of the charm. I felt myself whisked back to early days of gaming. You're walking your dog down the street when a sudden storm comes through and your dog gets caught up in the flood waters and is sucked down a sewer drain. You follow down into the sewer and begin your pursuit. Then you feel it... there is something very, very, sinister happening here.   I won't get into spoiler territory, but I will say this: You can tell almost right away the amount of love that was put into this game. It's just such a solid experience that I can't recommend it enough. Sure, the combat mechanics aren't the greatest, and a couple times I found myself in situations where I had no idea what I was supposed to do. But those negatives are greatly outweighed by the positives. I found myself wanting to investigate EVERYTHING in game, and regretting taking that right when there was a left I could've gone down. It makes for some excellent replayability. I also should note the audio... it was actually very immersive and very well designed. Combined with some of the mechanics of the game, and the Akira Yamaoka Silent Hill inspired soundtrack, it all adds into something special. I was streaming the game at the time of my playthrough and was fortunate to have someone who had been down the "Lost In Vivo" rabbit hole before. They showed me some of the Easter eggs and features in the game that while simple, added so much more heart to the game. I was almost sad to see it end.   So in summary, if you're into the atmosphere of Silent Hill, find charm in intentionally dated graphics, enjoy surreal gaming experiences leaving you in a total WTF headspin, or any of the above... you're going to love this game!
An astonishing loveletter to Silent Hill and other classic horror games. I was intrigued and scared from beginning to end, the game never lets go of its foreboding and claustrophobic atmosphere. The game has some small flaws here and there. For example, when you crawl into a pipe and go back immediately, you get stuck in this crawling motion suspended in the air. Nothing game breaking whatsoever. The "old" graphics might put some users away but for me it just enchanced the experience. I get more disturbed and unease from it.  It was a great experience and I wish the game got more attension, it truly deserves it!
Wow, Lost in Vivo sure was an amazing and terrifying journey to the depths, this game is what would happen if Silent Hill was a first person shooter, it's not jumpscares but something that builds a tense moment that will make you jump in the right moment.  Monster designs are really cool, scenarios are scary but really well done, music and sound design is amazing and helps a lot to make you feel unsafe, and the story behind the story it's also really good, involving idols, babies, drama and something else.  I really liked the game and I encourage you to play it because I think you will like it too, hopefully you will enjoy it.
[b] What an outstanding horror game [/b]  A game that questions how far you're willing to go to save your sanity (and your fluffy companion).  Lost in Vivo is a psychological horror game developed and created by Akuma Kira (who helped create Spooky's Jump Scare Mansion).   The game takes inspiration from Silent Hill, a timeless horror classic. However, the amount of effort and creativity poured into this game is obvious from the start, and in no way copies the typical horror formula to the point of plagiarism. I'd even go as far to say that this could be worthy as a standalone game to the Silent Hill franchise.  The main theme is claustrophobia and is constantly reflected throughout the game. However, the underlying themes of [spoiler] mental health and self-image obsession [/spoiler] is so well interwoven into the story, it ultimately leaves you wondering long after you've completed the game.  The enemies themselves are twisted and disgusting. Cleverly placed throughout the game to really keep you on your toes. The designs of these monsters are nightmarish. The way they twitch, contort, and interact with the player is truly terrifying to experience. They each have their own features that you must quickly learn and adapt to or otherwise succumb to your worst fears.  The soundtrack, ambiance and general sounds are all amazing as well. Ambiance I find, really sells a horror game, adding an extra layer of brilliance to the already fantastic soundtrack. I found myself standing still for a minute to take it in. The general sounds are amazing too, the way whistling reverberates throughout the sewer tunnels is extremely eerie. Furthermore, this is one of those rare games where the music fits so well with the whole experience, with many details that expect you to naturally look behind you. For example, a couple of soundtracks include rhythmic thumping, sounding as if there is something chasing after you from behind. It's better to experience it for yourself, but it genuinely took me by surprise. You can tell the creators liked the music they created as they included a hidden "soundtrack experience level" to listen to some of the tracks. The confidence is well-deserved, as it's truly mesmerising.     The graphics are not great, but that's the intended direction. Its 'PS1-styled' graphics creates an eerie and grim atmosphere. The lighting, however, is where the game really shines. The way light glistens off wet bricks and the way lights cast silhouettes on an unknown creature in the distance is truly creepy, leaving the player with a choice to either press on, or to stay safe in the light for 2 more minutes. It's surprising how well the combination of low-res textures and brilliant lighting works, highlighting how important lighting is in creating an intended atmosphere.  The play time sounds short on paper (3-4 hours), but when you're playing it feels much longer (not to the point of dragging on, but you feel you're getting your moneys worth).  The environments are extremely detailed and diverse (especially the hidden segments), offering hints towards the underlying story that you can piece together over time. Everything was designed for a reason.  The game itself has many hidden features that extend the replayability. There are many secrets such as [spoiler] enemy and music showcases, weapon skins, a midnight game mode and more [/spoiler]. There are a few tapes to collect throughout the game for hidden story sections that add to the story, adding even more extra content to the game.  This project has been created with so much love and creative ambition, I find myself wanting to support the developer more.   Simply put,  [i] A reinvigorating entry into the horror genre. [/i]
If you miss that Silent Hill 1 to 3 atmosphere.
I don't write reviews but I have to because Lost in Vivo deserves it.  This game is amazing and is exactly what I've been looking for in a survival horror.  I had just accepted that I'd be playing the same spooky walking sim puzzlers where you have to hide from a bad thing every 20 minutes for the rest of eternity when I discovered Lost in Vivo.  It is an excelently crafted Silent Hill love letter with 4th wall breaking elements that feel inspired by games like Eternal Darkness and PT without going overboard.   The visuals are a strange mix of old and new with PS1 era textures complimented by normal mapping for dynamic lighting and shininess that envokes an otherworldly atmosphere.  While it alludes to a retro aesthetic, I've never played a game that looks quite like this.  The music and sound design are excellent in adding to the oppresive/mysterious atmosphere and they very clearly reference (but never overtly steal from) the Silent Hill franchise.  Enemies are varied and interesting, some of them only appearing once.  Combat is a little clunky but I'm honestly just pleased that there IS combat in this game because I'm so tired of the "run and hide" mechanics that are so prevalent in contemporary horror games.  Lost in Vivo allows you to feel dread and horror without making the player completely defenseless.  Which is awesome.  I want to fight my monsters AND be scared of them.  The plot is meandering and strange, leaving me wondering if there's more to be discovered after the first playthrough.   And I would not at all be surprised if there's a lot just based on the impressive amount of hidden content in this game.  All in all, this game is a hidden gem and I would love to see more creative stuff like it.
Never have I played a horror game that captures the essence of Silent Hill so well such as this. It's claustrophobic, unsettling, and absolutely disturbing in every way.   Also, some praise to the name; "Lost in Vivo" is catchy, and hopefully, this is just the beginning of a series of games.
Another horror hit including Akuma Kira! This game is awesome! Alright, so here are the pros. (Of early game because no spoilers/haven't made it that far yet)  [h1]Pros:[/h1] -Lots of Exploration (It can really pay off at times to find a new item or note just by looking in that one random room.) -Less Jumpscares (Incase you're easily scared/fed up with games that give away constant scares every 5 seconds.) -Original Story (Seriously, have You ever seen a Silent Hill-esc story where a guy takes on a sewer to find his dog?) -Realistic Gunplay (Yes, it has guns. 'Nuff said.) -That Good ol' Akuma Kira Vibe (Like seriously man the graphics I love 'em!)  Overall, 9/10. Get this game if you want a good horror experience in a similar style to Spooky's Jump Scare Mansion and Silent Hill mixed together. You won't regret it.
Saved my dog. Don't use the shotgun
I found this game by accident on game site and i was like "oh boi... Silent Hills inspired horror game with guns and pixelated low polly graphic, count me in !". Lost in Vivo took plenty thing from Silent Hills, i'm no expert on Silent Hills but you know when you play it, not a rip-off just similiar especially with the Psychological thingy. it's a First person horror game with weapon to defend yourself unlike bunch of "meh" walking sims horror games on Steam, that's why i'm interested in this game. although you won't encounter enemy that much and the combat isn't too great either but it make you feel safe anyway.   Personally I don't really know the story but basically you lost your dog you have to find it, gonna buy or adopt new dog if i was him lmao. This game has bunch of narative puzzle and twist that make this game entertaining and has replayability value to understand what exactly happening beside losing your dog. The amosphere is amazing, it's creepy and non sense in a good way. claustrophobic, quiet, and dark is the main element even it's too quiet i accidentally press click then blown my shotgun so loud and i swear my heart fell off. The enemy is vary from physical to ghost and a fokin TRAIN, all of them are well designed. The sound is great sometime annoying and the soundtrack is nailed it, i love it. There is also somekind of side story if you found a casette and play it in a boombox, it's pretty chilling actually mostly it took you to a walk somewhere or solve some simple task like Resident Evil 7 VHS segments. Be aware the sumvabich developer put some trick on you in game, just be aware coz it's all what you see is not what it seems.. lol.   Unfortunetly the game is short around 4 hours but it's good coz i really wanna know if i choose different option and might lead to different endings. other bad things is weapon floating in the air or no hand animation, FPS drop because you know unoptimize Unity engine stuff and DON'T YOU DARE TO SWICTH TASK OR YOUR GAME WILL CRASH.  so it's a great horror game, not perfect but great especially if you are horror fans or Silent Hills fans. if you tired of first person horror walking sims non sense ? then this game is for you.
One of the few good horror games out there. -Doesn't rely on jump scares -Balanced combat with different options available -Multiple endings -Simple initial story with deeper backstory of the enviorment around you that will draw you in  I strongly recommend this game. Also thanks to pyrocynical for bringing this game to light, that's how I and many people found out about this game.
8/10 Great game with a strong message. Only downside its too short and somethimes repetitive.  #batata
very scary game and a worty succesior to silent hill two thums up very much like
This game is terrifying and definitely a great play for psychological horror fans and fans of the silent-hill franchise.  Pros: Absolutely terrifying. I'm pretty paranoid when playing this with its chilling noises and closed in environment with half of the time nothing being there, and twice as much when the enemies do show up.  Cons: Graphics are a little outdated (Not a big deal to me personally, actually adds to the element of imagination IMO) and sometimes a little buggy. (IE enemies in the walls and can't attack sometimes, one actually killed me).  One thing I really hope they will update is hit detection. This is my only frustration with the game, sometimes an enemy will show up from the back or side out of view, start attacking and dealing dammage and in the moment of the jumpscare I'll panic and frantically try to find where I'm being attacked from. When I do find it, I either kill it and have taken almost 60 percent of my health away looking for it, or I die, realize how long ago I saved, and take a break from playing because I don't feel like redoing all the progress I made. Hopefully the developer can find a patch for this in the future.  This all being said none of this is a game killer for me and I still recommend it. 8/10  
there is a dog, i named it max  13/10 amazing gaming experience
Spoopy. NG+ = Spoopy+  In all seriousness, this is a good game, and one of the only horror games (other than resident evil) that has made me experience genuine dread. In my four (technically five) playthroughs, I beat NG+3*, got all four endings ([spoiler]Good, Dead Dog, Abandonment, Nightmare[/spoiler]), played all four tapes, and played two hidden game modes. The fifth playthrough wasn't recorded in the NG+ number (or my count is off), probably because it's one of those troll endings you get torwards the beginning of the game ([spoiler]it's the dead dog ending[/spoiler]), so it doesn't "count" as a full playthrough. Like the ending you get in Far Cry 4 if you sit at the table and do nothing for 15-ish minutes.  *Regarding NG+, the first NG+ (NG+1) does add some minor difficulty upgrades, but beyond that, it doesn't seem to get harder at all. Each NG+ after NG+1 feels identical to NG+1. I could probably easily get to NG+100 if I wanted to, but unless my goal was to secure a speedrunning WR, playing that many times would be a waste of time.
This is my new favorite horror game, holy shit! I'm so happy I found this, Some of the best 3.6hrs of my life
I enjoyed playing though this game very much. With its unique art style and atmospheric music, I was always left wondering what was around each corner. I would recomend to anyone looking for a game that leaves you on edge nearly every moment of playing. While this game wasn't very long, it had great gameplay and did not rely on jumpscares to frighten you. 
This game is a joke, the graphics sucks, the music makes me want the shove knives into my ears, the game is boring, the monsters are uninspiring, and basically you just went through hell and almost killed yourself just to get your dog back instead of buying a new one.  Ima give dis game a 10/10, would rate again - IGN
"Could use more nineties aesthetic. 9.5/10"  - Your neighborhood nerd
Great horror game with heavy inspiration from Silent Hill, extremely atmospheric, and mutiple endings for replayabiity.
This game is fun and creepy. I recommend it to everyone. However, it was a pain to get past the introduction stage, due to the game crashing twice, forcing me to replay the entire level. And since the level consisted of walking in a straight line with your dog for about 2-3 minutes, without a save point after, it was frustrating and boring. Once you get through the buggy introduction stage, the game is fun, however. Just be prepared to speedrun the first stage before the game crashes a few times.
This is a great horror game. I played it all in one sitting just because it kept hitting the marks making me want to keep going.  The combat work's and isnt clunky or annoying, my only problem with it is it's more effective to use the melee weapons as the fire arm's seem to fail at dealing damage, the music and sound design is top-notch, nothing feel's cheap or artificial in difficulty design. There is also replay-ability in it as well, including a new game + mode and an extra mode.  Loved it form Start to End.  Now, will you enter the sewer's to save your dog?
Finally, a fourth Silent Hill game.
Really good and really bad. The game is poorly optimised and is very laggy on low end computers, with no way to customise or add tweaks.  The game itself, though, is amazing and gives you flashbacks to the original Resident Evil games. In the game you have to find your dog that was trapped and washed away down the sewers, your character has whats called Vivo Exposure Treatment so this game is most likely a simulation or a flashback to the past when he lost his dog and fought the evil creatures that awaited him.  Game Story: 6/10 Visual Aspects: 8/10 Audio: 7/10 Gameplay and Gameplay Mechanics: 9/10 Platform Support: 4/10  Very good game, please play this if you have a good computer.
A good dog walking simulator, would play again 10/10.
Great psychological horror right here!
I'll admit 2 things. 1. I did learn of this game via Pyrocynical 2. I do not play many horror games, nor am I a fan of the genre  However, this game was fantastic and I plan on doing new game + multiple times. The atmosphere was fantastic, so was the music and visuals; everything about this game felt polished to perfection. Only a couple of gripes come to mind, the length and the difficulty. The game only lasted about 2 and 1/2 hours for me, and this is coming from a dumbass who took like 10 minutes trying to solve the head puzzle. The difficulty was overly easy during the majority of the game, but some parts, like the aforementioned head puzzle, were a bit of a difficulty spike. Most of this difficulty was due to myself and my own stupidity. However, over the entirety of the game I only really died twice. Since the game was so scary for me, I expected it to be extremely difficult for me to get through sections of the game, but it was a let down when I went back to look upon it. Both of these gripes, however, were only apparent after completion of the game, and I didn't notice during it. The horror was exceptional, the majority of the game was fantastic at giving me a feeling of worry and panic, especially near the end. The music helped these feelings with calming music for the safe parts, and usually just disturbing noises and silence for the rest. I also enjoyed the lack of jumpscares in LIV, mostly just atmospheric tension and no loud sounds accompanying every spooky figure. The only thing I would consider a jumpscare in this game is the god forsaken dog scene. In fact, the lack of loud noises helps to show that you may be going crazy, seeing things in shadow and thinking they may be people, just in time for it to disappear. Another bonus of this game's quiet audio would be that whenever there is a loud sound, it's scarier and makes for more of a panic.
my mom was not scared but i was 10/10
Walking around sewers whistling for my dog, listening to his bark response for directions. Whistle down a shady looking hallway to make sure i'm not going down the creepy path for no reason.  ... Couple seconds of silence ....  A creepy warped whistle comes echoing back through the hallway.  Fuuuuck..
What lengths would you go to to save your bestest pal?  Silent Hill / Resident Evil inspired without ripping off  Heavy tension with excellent sound design  Felt like John Wick  
First time I've ever been really scared in a video game even with a gun
Do you ever wonder how would Silent Hill look like in first person? Then this game is for you. It not like other horror games, where it all about jump scares, there hardly any jump scares in this game. No, it all about the atmosphere and it has one of the best.
After 2 minutes of watching Pyrocynical's video I instantly came over to buy your game, I've literally never done this before in my life. Silent Hill being one of my favourite games of all time I've been craving a similar experience for years of my life, and after playing through Lost in Vivo multiple times (And more to come) the only complaint I have is I wish there was more.  Kira you are one of the few people capable of making a game I feel truly understands Silent Hill and Horror as a genre.  Looking forward to your next project ^^
This game made me more paraniod then i should be.
This is by far one of the Best horror games from an indie developer. It's so well done that I wonder why it's not popular as those from big companies. You definitely Must give it a try, it will worth every penny to support this developer, I could even paid more for this game.
this game is just amazing
Kefi ma
Okay, but not great. I'd give it a neutral rating if I could, but I enjoyed it enough to play it to completion, and I kind of admire Akuma Kira's work, even if none of it has managed to hit the high water mark set by the survival horror games of old. He's getting there, little by little, and he deserves praise for that.  While it does a good job, at least initially, of recapturing the Silent Hill aesthetic, Lost in Vivo quickly devolves into a linear trek from one unrelated spooky area to the next, dropping all but the barest pretense of narrative until the very end. Effectively, it becomes Spooky's Jumpscare Mansion 2. You open a door and you go from a subway to a mine, or a mine to a laboratory, with each area presenting a unique monster that must be dealt with in a specific way, appearing only after you've triggered the critical objective, or read all of the spooky notes foreshadowing the monster's appearance. Each area is either completely linear, or a sort of "hub" with three macguffins that must be collected in order to advance to the next section of the game. So despite its Silent Hill aesthetic, the gameplay is really more akin to Amnesia, Outlast, or Slender, which was something of a bummer.  Unlike any of the aforementioned games, however, in Lost in Vivo, most enemies can simply be beaten to death with a sledgehammer, despite running often being the optimal choice. Unfortunately, combat feels like something of an afterthought, as all but perhaps one fight can be avoided, ammo is given to you in large quantities before combat areas, and, as far as I could tell, your health refills any time you open a door. In fact, in at least one case, despite dying, my objectives remained completed and my inventory was intact when I chose to continue, making the combat seem even more pointless.  Despite my complaints, I did enjoy my time with Lost in Vivo, it simply wasn't what I was expecting. If I had gone in expecting Spooky's Jumpscare Mansion 2, I would've been fine, but Silent Hill this is not.
This is a fine example of a horror game, that does everything to deliver as a genuinely horrific experience. Despite it clearly taking headers from games like Silent Hill, it never feels like it's just straight up stealing anything, and delivers so much on its own terms, which is a rarity in this genre. The atmosphere is incredibly oppressive and it works incredibly well in the game's favor, adding tension even with no enemies being around and making those times that they do come by, that much more tense and paranoia triggering. And it doesn't help that the enemies in this game are some of the most well designed enemies I have seen in a horror game in a very long time. Legitimate nightmare fuel.  I will say though, I do have two grievances. One being, that health regeneration in this game is just, really, really slow. And with no healing items to assist you on your journey through this psychological hell, it does tend to slow down the game more than it needs to. The second, is that this game just doesn't have enough attention. For what it is, despite that one flaw, it's a precious gem of a game in a niche playing field and it deserves so much more attention for what Akuma Kira's accomplished with it.
got attacked by homeless man, jumped out of my skin. pretty good game overall
This is the best Silent Hill since Team Silent was still making them.
This game was one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played. this game is definitely inspired by Silent Hill so it will feel a little familiar. I love following the story by reading the notes it made the world feel bigger than actually was and honestly the ending I got was very satisfying. the game has a great way of putting you in this terrifying atmosphere the walls and the textures on the game feel unnatural and unsettling and the music always makes you feel like you're in danger even when nothing's there. the calming music of the safe rooms is one of the only things that can keep you going and every once in awhile you'll get to hear your dog bark. the game has a great way of keeping you on your Edge and Never Letting Go I can't say ive ever really been this scared by game.  the developer clearly put a lot of time and effort into this game I think it shows it off in the quality of the game. I've only ever really experienced this with one other horror game Outlast and I feel like this game does it even better.  at the time of writing this to game is currently $7  𝙨𝙤 𝙄 𝙝𝙞𝙜𝙝𝙡𝙮 𝙧𝙚𝙘𝙤𝙢𝙢𝙚𝙣𝙙 𝙮𝙤𝙪 𝙗𝙪𝙮 𝙞𝙩 I cannot recommend this game more. I also plan to go back and play all the endings and the game comes with newgame+ so you can play to you hearts desire.   
Im not easily *spooked*  in games, but this kept me on edge the whole time. (hell, I had to leave my desk twice XD)  I had to compose myself after a while, it's totally worth getting if you like horror games!
Real talk Fuck You   Great game so far (Not very far in the game currently waiting to play it cuz i'm doing recording of a blind run)   But seriously sometimes Fuck You, you know how to do horror based on the anxiety of the players and how well people handle enclosed spaces
Excellent survival horror game. I only wish it lasted longer, because it's too short. There is a great foundation for a better game here. If it had more complex levels with more exploration and puzzles to solve, it could easily compete against Resident Evil 1 and the better Silent Hill games.
Huge Silent Hill fan and this was the first horror game in a while that made me jump! It scares you in so many other ways beyond jump scares I did not consider and it's full of suprises. Good puzzles. Highly reccomend.
This game is the most nightmarish and scary game I have ever played. I must say this game is an awesome experience for people who love horror! This game is really good at making you feel terror and dread, I must say this is my favorite horror game! Good job KIRA!  also thanks pyro( his video directed me to this awesome game)
So, a little background. I saw Texas Chainsaw massacre when I was 10, and loved it. Played Silent Hill when I was 12, again loved it. I'm now 23, and this game made me have to take a break from it. The claustrophobia is just intense. I have mild claustrophobia, and the constricting feeling I get when I play this is almost unbearable.   That being said,  I love this game so far because of those very feelings. Games haven't made me feel anything in quite some time, and I felt genuine anxiety and fear , just as much as the fisrt silent hill.   10/10
genuinely spooky. couldn't finish the tunnels. too spoopy.
If you've ever longed for a love-letter to the Silent Hill series, look no further. This little indie adventure will give you that craved horror-shot you look for so desperately.   10 out of 10 dogs.
tbh I usually dont expect much from indie horror games but this really impressed me. I highly recommend.
Just finished my first playthrough of this game and it was truly an unforgettable experience. I was on edge most of my playthrough, wondering what the next enemy would be and how to defeat it while trying to solve strange puzzles or collect pieces to unolck doors in order to continue searching for my pup. Discovering the lost tapes and playing all of them as each one gets more eerie than the last was also a good little spook and nice addition to the game. I have yet to try out the midnight mini game but I am looking forward to playing it! Lost in Vivo was a complete breath of fresh air for me as I feel like the horror genre as of late hasn't really been giving me what im looking for so i've had to rely on either classic horror games or indie horror games. I completely reccomend this game and it definitly deserves at least one playthrough. If it wasnt for Pyro's vid then I would've completely missed this game so I owe him and huge thank you. You won't regret this morbidly beautiful game!
me in the kitchen at 3am be like
Top notch horror, that works off an aesthetic of kinda shitty graphics for expert level spooks. It's not a horror game where you feel powerless but it's also not one you can drift through. It deals with themes of mental health and self improvement. I highly recommend.
It has its flaws, but the execution and usage of the many excellent horror themes that are explored in the game, makes this indie horror game a brilliant horror gem. This should be a game that other indie creator should look up to - this is the same creator who also created the successful Spooky's House of Jumpscares (yes, the old name, i prefer it).  10/10
this is by far the best scary game I have ever played and one of the best games I have ever played in general. you could play through this game 10 times through and it would still freak you out. and this game doesn't have cheap, loud, funny haha face jumpscares. I strongly recommend this game to anyone who likes scary games.
Lost in Vivo is the Silent Hill we don't deserve. It is seriously one of the best horror game I've ever played and I'm certain it will join the ranks of Amnesia, Fear, FNaF, etc...  Pros: + Intense, scary and psychological horror that doesn't relly to much on jump scares + Some of the best enemy design I've seen in horror + It's so refreshing to see a horror game that actually lets you fight back. + Great use of the environment, sound and graphics + Replayability  Cons: - Some performance issues (Can't Alt+tab without crashing, some screen tearing and FPS drops) - Health system is unclear, resulting in lots of death that seems to come out of nowhere. - Boss fights are tedious and boring.  If you are a horror fan, you must get this game !
A love letter to Silent Hill that stands in its own corner, really nicely done horror game that doesn't make me feel completely defenseless with environments and enemy design that are wildly varied and twisted with puzzles spaced in-between with a lot of secrets to find along the way as well.
Truly one of the scariest games I've played but please fix the sound.
10 out a 10   Would use rock salt again...
I rate this, pretty scary with no cheap jumpscares. This game has my seal of approval.
Probably one of the greatest indie-horror games and horror game in general I've ever played.   When someone looks at this with a pessimistic look they'll think it's a bad quality game with no effort just to Fscare you, but the fact that this game was made to look like a PlayStation 2 game makes it even more intruiging. LTHe soundtrack somehow gives me nostalgia, and the ambient sounds and tunes are just amazing. Nothing is Oever really repetitive, as a character in the game you learn more about yourself along the way and face your Ofears in the most horrific way, whether it's fourth wall breaks or a reasonable jumpscare, they're all so terrifying. DBut remember, choose wisely in this game, every choice matters. Even though  one option may seem better, you have to use from what you've learned. ^  
Lost in Vivo isn't your typical shooty shooty bang bang fps horror game. It's slow, atmospheric, dark and downright creepy as hell. It makes sure you feel vunerable and that you start going slow. I'd say that it's more akin to something like Silent Hill where it poses psychological ideals and demonstrates them with interesting gameplay and puzzle solving.  That being said, i wouldn't recommend it to everyone, but if you enjoy something like Silent Hill or games similar to that, then go ahead. Buy it and enjoy a wonderful trip down the rabbit hole
Beautiful game.
If you want your kid to hate Thomas the Tank Engine, have them play this game  8.5/10 angry trains
a horror game in 2018 that is actually scary it messes with you has a ton of secret minigames and endings, even an entire game mode ps1 era graphics that add to the scaryness
Wow this game is just what I needed to revive my love for indie horror. It's the best horror game I've played in a very, very long time, and it does a LOT of thing differently. Hats off, great game. I'm not going to go into further details not to spoil stuff, but this game stands out. It stands out a lot.
mess with pupper  you become supper
Amazing game! Just the spooks I expected from the trailer, gave me those chills down my spine like my horror childhood games used to do. I never screamed so loud from a horror game in a long time LMAO. I simply love it, nothing else to say.
Wowie. The game made me care more about a little dog than most other games ever where the plots to chase after your beloved 'x.' The art style's perfectly vague to let your brain do all the scary stuff. The combats fun but also not required and at times not advised. They managed to incorporate health regen to not only make it not a problem- but it adds to the scariness of the game by keeping how powerful enemies are always vague so you can't just quantify encounters and roboticize the game. The writing was simple and believable and at times carried the game really well on its own setting up questions and answering them with environmental clues or reveals. The enemies are always fresh because the game swaps the cast out constantly so you're never getting used to an enemy learning how to deal with it and sprint through levels or if you do the lesson was near worthless to you. There's also loads of boundary shattering moments that show you nothing's safe nor is it reliable and you can't trust anything not even the floor you stand on- not even the options menu.  The dev definitely took notes playing good horror games, remembering what worked and didn't and piecing together a very good horror game with few flaws. Anything I'd want to complain about I realize is the way it is very carefully and intentionally. Definitely a must play :)
its k
Lost in vivo is without a doubt the scariest game i've played in years. Even tho it takes a lot of inspiration from Silent hill, it feels like it's own thing.  1 hour in and i became obsessed with this game, i had to know everything. after completing Lost in vivo, my obsession grew. This game is packed with secrets, theres even small games within it! (kinda) And if you did not know, theres a hidden game mode at midnight, where the game does a total flip. Lost in vivo goes from a total nightmare, to a Castlevania-ish nightmare.  Lost in vivo is a masterpiece (in my eyes atleast) and i hope more games like this gets made.  P.S thank you pyro : ) [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDjZ-tg_24w]Pyros review on LIV[/url]
A really short but amazingly good horror game!
Jesus christ this game is terrifing. I fought only 1 enemy and was in the 2nd sewer maze part and I said "Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope Nope" and wrote this review. However, I am only 12 so take this with a grain of salt.
Fps silenthill if you ever wanted that, this is it
I have to say as a silent hill fan this game plays and feels like a silent hill game  i am at the sceond subway secion this game is a true work of art  Pros Great soundtrack Great sound design Amazing controlls Cons  The game suffers from graphic tare other wise a great game i recomand it 100%
best game inspired by Silent Hill in my opinion... and it looks beautiful in 4k
pyro made me buy this game, 10/10 much better than tik tok
==[ Graphics: ]== ☐ Potato ☐ Really bad ☐ Bad ☐ OK ☐ Good ☐ Beautiful ☑ Masterpiece  ==[ Price/quality: ]== ☑ Full price ☐ Wait for sale ☐ Average ☐ Refund it if you can ☐ Don't do it ☐ Free  ===[ Requirments: ]=== ☐ 90' PC ☑ Minimum ☐ Medium ☐ Fast ☐ High end ☐ NASA computer  ==[ Difficulty: ]== ☐ You just need 2 arms ☑ Ez ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☐ Hard (first few hours) ☐ Dark Souls   ==[ Game time/length ]== ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours) ☑ Short ( 2 - 8 hours) ☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours) ☐ Long ( 12+ hours) ☐ Endless  ==[ Bugs ]== ☐ Game itself is one big BUG ☐ Bugs destroying the game ☐ Lot of bugs ☐ Few Bugs ☑ You can use them for speedrun ☐ Nothing  ==[ Others: ]== Multiplayer: NO Singleplayer: YES
First person silent hill cool stuff
I'm not overexaggerating if i say after not more than 1 hour this is the scariest shit i've ever played.  Bought during the wrong time too. Merry Christmas.
Lost In Vivo is a new, lesser known first person indie survival horror game on Steam that takes many notes from games like Silent Hill, Resident Evil, and Eternal Darkness, but remains it's own project and isn't a rip-off. It's normally priced at 12 USD, but is currently on sale for 7.91 USD. It features combat, resource management, symbolism based storytelling, and a vibe that is so creepy it brought me back to when I first played Silent Hill. Gameplay is about 3 to 4 hours if you're a veteran horror player.  The story is not as symbolically deep as Silent Hill, but is perfectly structured for the purpose it is trying to serve, and the size of the game. Your purposely ambiguously detailed character is walking their service dog when suddenly it is forced down a storm drain and into the sewer. You find the nearest manhole to go in after her. What you find is more than you bargained for, and the only thing you can do is follow your dog's distant barking, deeper and deeper into the bowls of the city.   It isn't spooky for the sake of jumpscares or entertainment, but rather there is deliberate design to the psychological horror to tell its story. Every enemy has its place and a reason for existing, as well as their placement in the world. At many points the game breaks continuity and the 4th wall to scare and unease the player, all in ways I haven't seen since I played Eternal Darkness on my GCube; it also does it to tell some of the story. Its art direction is even designed around PS1 era horror, complete with jittering textures and low render distance in some places.  The gunplay is just as it should be in a horror game. The ammo is scarce, the aiming isn't super accurate, and each weapon has its own quirks (such as your badly damaged pistol not always firing when you want it to). It's clumsy enough to make survival a question, but not so bad that it's annoying and you hate the game. It strikes that balance pretty well! The original soundtrack is great (very Akira Yamaoka), and there are a LOT of secrets such as hidden bosses, multiple endings, hidden encounters, alternate weapon skins, and other neat little surprises around every corner. There is new game + which adds plenty of replayability as the game changes on your second, third, fourth+ run so there are still scares to be had.  Technically the game is iffy, as there are a couple graphical bugs and a few minor glitches here and there. But nothing that was too apparant or took me out of the experience. Also the levels can be a little disjointed, and that's fine if that's the goal, but as a spoiler free example imagine if you were playing a game where you're in a castle dungeon and suddenly you find yourself in a modern trainyard. That kind of abrupt change in scenery happens once or twice in this game. In addition, there are some areas where it's kinda drab or samey. But that isn't too apparent.  For the price, and the quality, I would say please please please give Lost In Vivo a try, especially if you like games like Silent Hill, Eternal Darkness, and other classic survival horror experiences!  PS, LOAD THE GAME UP AT MIDNIGHT FOR A SURPRISE.
Make John Wick proud and save the Doggo from Silent Hill like hell
Brings me back to my days with Afraid of Monsters, They Hunger and Cry of Fear.. I don't know where to start even.  A few jumpscare-ish spooks thus far but it hasn't been obnoxious or made me throw my bloody mouse off the table, it really drives a metaphorical screwdriver into your scary-bone and twists it to a compound fracture. I absolutely adore the classic feel Unity has given this game. Definitely recommending for some horrific 1am shenanigans. Speaking of night.. there's.. something.. when you pla- m͜͡҉i̕͜͞d͘͡n͝i̶̵͟͜g̛̀́͘͟h̴̶̡̛t̕̕͠..............................................
Everything excluding the final (((Boss))) was perfect for a nice little horror game, easily worth it.
If you like horror and are looking for more than just jumps scares this is the game for you.
Reminds me of old school Silent Hill games, absolutly unnerving sound design as well!
HOOOOOOOOO boy  Lost in Vivo is one of the best horror games that I have played period. I'm already investing more time into playing the game as you read this. The game's spooky atmosphere and the tension you feel building up as you play just keeps growing and growing and I LOVE IT. The game did have a few cons that broke immersion for me but all of those bugs have been squashed, minus the game crashing or freezing whenever I alt+tab.  I highly recommend this game and I give all of my praise to the wonderful people that made this game possible!
Pyrocynical
My brain stopped functioning 2 hours into it.
Not gonna lie, I am not a fan of surivival horror whatsoever but this is incredible. It reminds me of a first person Silent Hill and it does an incredible job at keeping you on your toes. This game needs more recognition and tons of respect.
Absolutely terrifying with great sound design and level fuckery.
Silent hill without the weeboo shit.
Good game
you know it's a good horror game when you want to stop playing in the first ten minutes
Lost in Vivo has the greatest motive for exploring god awful, nightmaresque locales...you have to get the dog back dammit. From the get go you can definitely tell that the dev team has a massive boner for the Silent Hill series (Something I admire greatly) and they do a great job not copying, but paying homage to that same style and atmosphere. Overall the gameplay is decent stray some minor frustration in a few sections having to resort to melee combat, some enemies have jank hit boxes so make sure you're stingy with ammunition. All that aside, the reason you buy this game is to be immersed or "lost" in a goddamn nightmare scenario (the good kind). Enemy and area design is 10/10 and the earie notes you find along the way help paint a very bleak story for you to piece together. Thanks to Gggmanlives' video for introducing the game to me.
A cute short game that was heavily inspired by Silent Hill 2's themes and music. The graphics are so crusty and worn both on a technical side (low res textures) as well as design (rusty walls and damp mattresses) you will feel it through your eyeballs, especially your left one;). I highly recommend playing this game if you are a fan of horror games and dogs.    [spoiler] The player's dog is the one that controls the town called Silent Hill [/spoiler]
One of the best horror games I've played in a while. 9/10 Would have a heart attack again
I almost cried multiple times and I got drunk so drunk while playing the game that I got myself a realy bad cold, only to finnish it the next week when I tanked away a red bull this game has left me scared and the old Silent hill esc atmostphere and graphics killed me. 10/10 never playing again. You bet when I had the chance I dipped straight outa the sewers without looking back.  No regrets.
To start things off, I'd just like to say that if you are at all interested in this game, or love psycological horror, buy it. Right now. Go and throw your money at Kira, you won't regret it. Now, if you're here for my personal view of the game, let's get started...  I'm usually not the type to enjoy horror games. Every once in a blue moon, there'll be one that comes out that really grabs me, but those are few and far between. Lost in Vivo was an incredible surprise to me. I picked the game up on a whim because it was on sale, and I thought it looked cool. It may well be the best purchase I made in the year 2018. This game is absolutely terrifying, but not for the reasons you might expect. There are very few to no jumpscares, or cheap horror tropes present in this game; it's true psycological horror. The scares in this game come from the things you can't see, and from what your imagination conjurs up when there's nothing spooky actually happening. And when a game can terrify you without even doing anything, that's the mark of a good horror game.  The catalyst of the story in Lost in Vivo is your therapy dog, an adventerous little corgi named Dani. As you're walking her along on a seemingly normal day, a storm strikes out of nowhere, washing Dani into a storm drain. Like any responsible dog owner, you find the nearest sewer entrance, and go in after her. It's only after you start to go deeper that you realize this is no ordinary sewer system...on the journey to find your dog, the player character will have to come face to face with their darkest fears, and insecurities, personified by horrifying monsters. It's up to you as to how you choose to deal with them, but make no mistake: no matter what you do, you'll find yourself thinking back on them with dread long after you've passed their sections.  The gameplay of Lost in Vivo is perhaps one of the most scary elements of this game. It's linear, but not in a bad way. The various sewer systems and subway tunnels you'll delve through in the game are painfully cramped and claustrophobic; the walls are lined with cryptic grafiti, neglected architechture, rust, and sometimes much worse. The game has you on edge the whole way through, as you navigate these narrow corridors, expecting to have something jump out at you at any moment...but that's just it: nothing ever does. For the most part, at least. As the tension grows from not having an encounter for a while, the game starts to lure you into a false sense of cautious security, and that's when the best scares occur.  In short, Lost in Vivo is one of the best horror games I've played in a long time, and is a definite contender for my personal best games of 2018. I whole-heartedly recommend this game, and I can't wait to see what Kira has in store for us next.
fucking awsome
This game blew me away. Let me preface this by stating that I've never felt the need to write a review for any game, but Lost in Vivo was so compelling to me that I felt it my duty to. If you're into over analizing media, poetry, or just a fun narritive, this game is for you.  PROS: -Atmosphere; probably the most atmospheric game I've played since Cry Of Fear -No cheap jump scares; the game focuses more on unsettling you than scaring you. In fact, you can hear enemies well before you see them. -Replayability; The game even counts how many times you've played it, I've only gone one playthrough, but I've seen online that there are numerous different gamemodes and ways to play the game. I can 100% say I will be sinking more hours into this game -Developer; The dev is incredibly active, you can find him helping out stuck players on the game's community, tuning into streams, giving insite on hidden secrets, all sorts of things. Exactly what you want to look for in an indie game (or any game, for that matter) -Art style; Normally I don't give a game any praise for how it looks, I belive presentation is subjective and should not be a crutch on how a game is. However, the presentation of this game is so unique to the expeience, with the enemies appearing polygonal and fully textured, but some walls being very flat, pixelated, and repeated. You might just be thinking that's just the way the engine made it, but I feel as though this was intentional, I recall one of the tapes having a lot of 8 bit sprites in the background, but in one area you can spot a pair of fully textured and modeled eyes staring at the player to give a feeling of "This isn't my world, they know I'm here, and they know I know I'm not welcome" -Gameplay; the whole game feels like it's paying homage to sucessful horror games of the past, I found elements of Silent Hill, Resident Evil, even some Eternal Darkness as an overtone of the game.  CONS -Level design; they layouts of some areas can get fairly confusing, especially near the end of the game. Luckly you can find maps that show the area, but even then it just shows you the room you're in, not where you're looking or any kind of direction. There are also times where it feels like a lot of the things you do are completely nonsensical and confusing, like running back and forth in a room waiting for something new to appear. -Puzzles; There's nothing inherently wrong about puzzles in a horror game, in fact, I'd be hard pressed to recomend a horror game without a few. but some of the puzzles in this game make absolutly no sense at all. I don't want to give spoilers, but I had to consult the community at least 3 times durring my playthrough. Which doesn't seem too bad, but considering this is a 5 hour long story, it feels tedious. Which takes me to the next point -Length; Lost in Vivo is only about 4/5 hours long. I understand that this is an indie game and they had to make the most of what they had, but I was able to finish this game in about one sitting. I belive the dev's response to this was to add the replayability features mentioned earlier.  And that's about it. Lost in Vivo is a wonderful, enjoyable game that keeps the player on their edge of their seat, and sticks to you're mind long after you've played it. If you're a fan of cult classic horror, or just looking for a damn near perfect indie game, this is 100% for you and I recomend it fully.
Just go get a new dog
Just beat it! Great Game! Very Scary!
This is better than most games you see out on the market.
Truly an amazing underrated gem, gggmanlives brought me to this game and since then I've seen other content creators on youtube bring it up. If you're a die hard fan of silent hill  (SH1-SH3) and love the rustic static atmosphere. Buy it.
Silent HIll 1-3 will always be some of my favorite horror games. Lost in Vivo does a fantastic job capturing what made those games so impacting in a new way. I highly, highly reccomend this game to anyone who loves survival horror. Lost in Vivo nails soundtrack, atmosphere, and enemy design. Please pick up this game because it desperatley deserves more recognition.
My god this was one of the most fun horror games ive played in a while, Thank u Kira for creating a fresh twist on the horror genre. I do how ever have one major con... I didnt fkn sleep after playing this hahaha, some of the monsters in this game genuinely horrifyed me and crawled into my dreams. Also I dont know if anyone else noticed "The Fly 1986" reference with doctor Brundle ? hahaha I cant wait to see what this studio do next <3   So if ur a fan of horror play this go, just play! stop reading this !!!  Also thanks Pyro <3 
I can only play this game in tiny chunks because I'm a big pussy. Thank you pyro for your video it's the reason I bought it, I love games like this but it takes me years to finish them hahaha.
What a fantastic experience. Everything I could ask for from a horror game. My only minor gripes are that you can't turn on vsync, and the crawling giant baby boss gives no indication that weapons now harm him during the second fight, where you must trap him beneath the door. Having his heart exposed or something while he is struggling to hold the door up would have conveyed that you can now harm him with weapons.   Enemy designs and variety were excellent. I think I noticed some Zdzislaw Beksinski influence in one of them. By the time an enemy type became less scary, there was already a new one appearing. This never tapered off as it does in most games, it kept introducing new enemy types up to the very end.   Anyways, many games ape the aesthetic of Silent Hill. Organ Quarter for example. But few of them go beyond that and are polished, excellent games on their own merits. This one had some really creative scripted scares, tension building moments and fakeouts which were much more effective than the standard jumpscare. It really got me a couple times and that's hard to do. I wanted this game to genuinely frighten me, and it did.   One thing I'd like to see in a future title would be less formulaic progression. Twice in the game I had to seek out three switches, or three emblems, to proceed. I can imagine more story appropriate, less "game-like" tasks to complete. Frictional's puzzles typically fit the world they're in and are the sort of barriers which you might really expect to encounter, and have to overcome, in that situation.  I left a needlessly harsh review once on Spooky's Jumpscare Mansion because it didn't allow the use of Touch controllers as a gamepad substitute as well as lacking some menu options I wanted. I still regret that and now I see the developer was headed for bigger and better things. There were many elements in Lost in Vivo which struck me as prettier, more polished sections of Spooky's Jumpscare Mansion, but not overly so. Recognizably the two share some DNA but Lost in Vivo is in all ways a more developed and complete effort.   If I compare it to the Silent Hill games, it fixes most of the common gripes. First person instead of third. More comprehensible puzzles and reasonable difficulty. More straightforward story, but similar themes of mental torment manifesting horrors. That's an unfair comparison though as Silent Hill pioneered the qualities which we now see copied in many other games. It's like holding Lovecraft up to the standard of all the later horror authors he inspired.  I am thoroughly pleased and satisfied with this game. It was well worth what I paid for it and I excitedly look forward to future games from this dev.  What troubles me is that the six armed creature you fight in the mines shows at one point that it can shapeshift to imitate your dog. How do we know the dog waiting at the top of the ladder in the good ending is the real one?
Honestly one of the best horror experiences in ages! This game made me holding onto my seat the entire time, but the only problem i have is that no one is talking about this.
While a bit buggy, this game excels at horror, and had me screaming "GO FASTER, FASTER" or just jumping with fear quite a lot.  A lot a lot. The visuals are good, the soundtrack is amazing, and the way the game fucks with you at times is masteful. For sure a must for anyone who likes horror in the vein of silent hill. Get the ost either here or their bandcamp if you can!
Great Horror Game.  Its a crime how unknown this game is, if you like silent hill style games you gotta buy this. Great game Kira now you added the fov slider.  Look forward to your future games.
Buy it if you want to play amazing horror game.
This game is quite the hodgepodge of varied horror concepts, lackluster game-design, fun surprises, and bizarre conflicting humor. Because of its disconnected and rapid introduction of new visuals, Lost in Vivo managed to keep me connected throughout, despite its many shortcomings.  Some of the stronger moments are during the "lost tapes" sections, which have a much more foreboding and well-paced atmosphere than the main game. I was more excited to collect these than continuing the main game. I would like to say that the game has creative horror visuals and designs, but after seeing a creature from one of Zdzislaw Beksinski's paintings ripped straight from and dropped directly into this, I can't assumingly say the designers were being any more creative with the rest of the game's visuals.  Many of its weaknesses lie within the game design. Many enemies have poor or no indications of when they will attack. Health automatically regenerates over time, which means sitting still after battle is a valid recovery, and it totally ruins any tension the combat could have (not that the combat is any good to begin with). Melee combat has no timing to it and the same pattern of attack (hold block/ hit enemy until stun ends/ hold block again) works for every enemy in the game. Guns are only useful for picking off groups of enemies. There is a surprising lack of resource management for a survival horror (two types of ammo). Some bosses have ridiculous solutions to them that don't follow consistent logic. In terms of gameplay done well, Vivo does good using sound to give strategic feedback to the player. Some enemy's directional position can be determined by the pitch of a humming sound effect. There were also at least two fun twists on how to handle two of the enemies, so that counts for something. The game has a very creepy well-done soundtrack that also knows when to shut up and let the silence do the talking. Fair warning, be prepared to have your eardrums blasted to smithereens because the volume balancing sucks and some sound effects will be very loud. Ultimately, outside the hidden tape levels, Lost in Vivo failed to be any scary due to its non-tense combat and its abrupt fourth-wall breaking humor and constant references. The game is silly more than anything, which I guess isn't bad but it certainly doesn’t sell itself as a comedy. It's more charming moments keep me slogging through the boring ones. There's nothing so badly designed to the point of frustration, it can be just so incredibly shallow and uninspired. Short, VERY simple, and occasionally sweet. 
Purchase this at once if you want an actual good horror game. The other ones are bad. Purchase this or you will die.
scary ):
Man...Lost in Vivo what a game.  I am actually amazed that I've finished a horror game as they tend to irritate to the point of rage quit, usually due to overabundance of cheap jumpscares, convoluted puzzles or just the sheer helplesness. With Lost in Vivo howevever, you get a gun to defend yourself a bit which gives sense of control to the player, although the gun is old and will sometimes jam when you try to fire, which adds a new layer of tension.  The thing I must give the most credit for is the audio desing of this game. all the creepy, metallic and sometimes fleshy sounds completely absorbs you and brings you on the brink of insanity. Also, there is music here too, it's subtle but fits the atmosphere perfectly. That combined with visuals straight out of 90's first person shooters gives the game a very unique and uncanny feel that I was really immersed in.  As for the story, this game portrays a theme of coping with your deepest fears and nightmares. It's never established whether your character is the one dealing with these problems, or is just some kind vessel traveling into this horrible underworlds full of other people's nightmares as each level has it's own vague story delivered to the player via various notes found on the ground. Along the way you will find many foes who will try to stop you on your journey. Some can be killed, from some you can runaway, but some you must outsmart and use your surroundings to your advantage.  I really enjoyed this game, the only thing that bothered me a bit was that combat is little clunky, But it does it's job and the game is not really about shooting that much. I wish there were more games like this, as it changed my view on the genre.  9/10
will update as i play but so far the sound design and ambiance are bang on silent hill, better than most silent hill inspired things, so far more than happy i payed full price i miss these kind of games terribly so happy to support the dev.
About three years ago, I was a little bitch boy and didn't like to play horror games, hell, I couldn't play FNAF for a few months. Later on, I started playing more of them, and I started to appreciate the genre. Yes, it has been one of those hit or miss kind of genre but the good games stand out, like RE7 and this game, for example. I have noticed that a lot of horror games have some of the same gimicks: jumpscares every time you take a turn, spoopy human-like people, and jumpscares. But Lost In Vivo seemed somehow... different. You ever played Silent Hill, like, the older ones? This game does take quite a heavy inspiration off of them, but isn't copying it directly, making it unique on its own.  The game starts with your service dog being swept away by heavy rain into the sewers, and you, a basic nobody (literally, you don't have hands and can't see yourself in the mirror), decide to look for him. Sounds simple, right? Well, not exactly. As you progress through the game, you start seeing transformation on your surroundings, making everything seem unreal, something that takes your sanity away. [spoiler] Or you can just not witness that by capping your dog's ass after you get your pistol for not staying put, seeing your dog dead, and me having to call PETA on your ass. [/spoiler]   Take every horror troupe you know about the horror genre, and throw half of them away. The game does have a lot of dark corridors, and you expect a jumpscare or somesort... but it just doesn't happen. In my opinion, that is even worse because you feel tense for something that won't even happen. You are alone in this game, only have some moments having your dog's barks accompany you on your journey to find him. Call it motivation, but you still wanna beat the game regardless. Like every horror game, you need enemies to make the game have some tension, and this game does it well. Each enemy is made to scare you in different ways. It's subtle, but it does make them unique in their own way... well, the majority. There is like 1 or 2 that isn't so creative but that's beside the point. You might expect the horror to whitle down after you play through the game, and that's expected on every horror game, but this game tries to bring it back up and does it well. The soundtrack ties in well with the atmoshphere and it has almost this piercing sound to it. It's unnerving to listen to, but that's what makes it good. It's also basically there so you won't feel safe and always have a constant anxiety attack. Even the save room music has something unnerving about it. Take example of something I know well on, the Resident Evil franchise, and it's save rooms. It has this calming sound to it, but twists it slightly to make you feel unease, even know you are safe. Funny enough, the soundtrack may be your enemy, as some areas don't have enemies but the music keeps you on your toes, building tension in you.  What's a horror game with enemies without sick-ass combat? Well, crap if you think about it. Horror games are meant to keep you feeling weaker than the force you are up against, hence "survival-horror"; you're meant to survive the horror, not overcome it and shove your victory flag up its ass. The game gives you some weapons to defend yourself with: pistol, shotgun, sledgehammer, knife. The pistol is heavily damaged, sometimes jamming everytime you fire. Your shotgun doesn't shoot shells, but shoots real gamer tear salt from all of those second places in Fortnite. Your melee weapons turns your game into a clicker game; clicking non-stop until you achieve your goal. Hoenstly though, what's America without weapons, it's the second amendment.  Just like Dark Souls, a game that everyone compares other media to, Lost in Vivo has items and surroundings that can be interacted with, giving off that lore. There are even tapes, I think 4 in total, that you can aquire and they take you to a different world, like another nightmare. Repalying the game does have something to it as well. Replaying a horror game removes fear of where enemies are at, and there is not tension... unless you forgot. Lost in Vivo does add in new placements, making the next playthrough different than the last. I wish this game has more coverage than it does now, because it really is a good game. It's an indie game and I suppose that could influence it's lack of coverage, but then there is Outlast. It's also made on the Unity Engine, an engine that gets a lot of bad shit for shitting out crap games in 2 months, so seeing this made makes it better. If you like horror games, or coming out of your bitch boy phase like I did years ago, consider giving this a try. It may not do anything new, but it gives me hope for other good horror games that come in the future, like the RE2 remake.   Bonus Content: There is a secret to Lost in Vivo in the main menu. It's only exclusive to when you stay up until midnight, or, if your mom tells you that it's a school night, setting your interal clock to midnight. It becomes a hack-n-slash, another favorite genre of mine, in first person. It's a really neat twist to the horror game.  But again, you should definently consider playing the game, as it is worth the money and time. I could tell that a lot of passion was put into this game and - what? What do you mean I'm copying Pyrocynical's review? Well, I suppose I have to thank him for allowing me to find the game. I guess I can blame myself because I had used his review to get me to play, so his influence was there. In any case, watch his video, as it explains it better than I did.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDjZ-tg_24w
It has been a long time since a horror game has made me shake so violently that had to stop playing for an hour, or actually scream. I had to stop playing again because the silent hill 4 ghost girl in the train station has me so gosh darn spooked. I am having a great time... just wish my arms wern't in hyper-tention, or that I knew how to write. 10/10 Three Spookie Five Me.
took me 4.5 hours fisr playthrough. felt like there was a lot to the story that wasn't really delved into, but there are multiple endings and a new game+ mode. i see some people say it turns into a shooting fest last q of the game, not true. great atmosphere, sound design is on point. combat gets the job done. if you're a fan of silent hill or horror games in general, this is for sure a good buy. worth every penny.
Rarely does a game provide such a real sense of dread as this one.       There's nothing I can say that hasn't been said already, just buy the game.
My initial knee-jerk take was "best Silent Hill inspired game since The Room", but Lost in Vivo goes beyond. While the influence of this title's forebears can be heard and seen, the gameplay and story are fresh and, thankfully, fluent. Lost in Vivo really feels like a classic PS1 title with better lighting and controls. I enjoyed the strory- the setup is simple and the execution has some flair. There were some minor, personal nitpicks I had with pacing, technical incosistency, and story, but the package as a whole is brilliant. Playing through again now.
thx i cant sleep now
Hands down the second game that made me quit out of fear. the first one was silent hill 2
Real Good. Love me some 4th wall breaks.   fire soundtrack and good ass sound design.   11/5 would recomend.   
100% reccomend if you're not looking for something super easy.  This game was pretty much perfect, I love the story, I love everything about it. I just feel it needs a little more development and longer gameplay.  Game breaking bugs can happen, small bugs, bugs that ruin your saves, and one of the (enimies) at the end is extremely annoying. But overall I can say I enjoyed it a lot.
10/10 Super fucking scary for the reasons you wouldn't expect. You can never guess where the jumpscares are and thats something you can do in almost every other horror game. Love how the game has old textures. Kira did an amazing job at this game and I can't wait to see more of him in the future!
sincerely and genuinely terrifying, well worth the price. Best played on a controller + televison with the volume up very high for the maximum old-school horror experience
The best horror experience of this year
I came back after a few patches were made that fixed a lot of the crashes. Absolutely terrifying. Recommended.
Do you like Silent Hill? Of course you do. Do you like stylized graphic? Duh. And do you like games that will seriously fuck with your head? Absolutely!   Just get the game. Now. 
i dont like to sleep anyway.
Some please help as lost in vivo wont work kinda i cant press play +0 so it wont work i have treid enter and other keys and minimizing the game it just ownt work
Very, very good game.  This game actually had me so anxious and uncomfortable that I had to quit the game. The older looking graphics give it such an uneasy edge that benefits it so much.  Very much worth the small price.
Horror games have been lacking lately and it's hard to find a game that just doesn't rely on scaring you with imagery and jumpscares. This game has taken a lot of inspiration from my favorite game series which is Silent hill. The game is perfectly crafted from what I want in a horror game such as environment, claustrophobic spaces, beautifully design monsters, the music and making you feel anxious everywhere you go. I recommend this game it has given me to love the horror genre again in video games. Thank you!
Fantastic, one of the best horror games I've ever played!
This game is a nightmare and I absolutely love it. One of if not the absolute best horror games I've ever played. Looking forward to whatever the developers might have up their sleeves next.
Very spook, very silent hill, very fun, very recommend.
I haven't beaten the game yet, but I just went through an amazingly tense and atmospheric sequence! I have to recommend this game! If you love silent hill and old school survival horror this game is for you! The game is worth every penny!
Ow my ears..
i pooed my fukmng pant
One of the best video games ive played in a while. actually gives the horror genre a chance at actually being good! will play multiple new games on this one!
Extremely tense and overal a good game. A bit short though.
Cannot recommend any higher.  There are just a few bugs, but honestly this is the closest thing I've seen to a game that carries the atmosphere of old psychological horror that's been released in the past ten years.
Lost in Vivo is just like an old-school horror game, it uses your mind to scare you. Inspired by the likes of "Silent Hill" and other old horror games, Lost in Vivo really give us an experience you won't be able to forget.  The fear slowly finds its place inside your mind after the first minutes of the game,[spoiler]but slowly you won't be that scared of the enemies as you progress and understand how the game creates fear. Just like the good ending tells you "you've been able to face your fears"[/spoiler]  The OST is just perfect for that kind of horror game, it really adds to the claustrophobia and fear of the unknown. Being claustrophobic myself, it really toyed with my fears to the point of feeling relief every time I finished a zone.  Lost in Vivo is a little gem of Horror, but my only complaint would be that I found the game too short.
If you want a good spooky game, akin to Silent Hill, this is it.    Cheers to Pyrocynical for directing me towards this game  Pyro's vid:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDjZ-tg_24w
So, as far as horror games go this is a pretty good one. Thanks Pyrocynical.  It's hard to describe this game given I'm not that into the horror genre. I'm a huge wuss and it took me longer than it should've to complete this game. But what I can tell you is that this game has such an amazing atmosphere to it. The sounds, the lighting, map design, it all comes together to really mess with your mind in the worst ways possible. The fear of the unkown is a powerful thing and this game really taps into that fear and then some.   On a technical stand point this game is a bit iffy. For the most part the game worked as intended and perfectly fine. But I did have the occasional problem with clipping through walls, getting stuck, or enemies not working as intended. It's a bit frustrating but the game does a good job at sprinkling save points around the map so you won't ever lose too much progress.  Combat is fine, nothing too special. The game finds a pretty good balance at making you feel not completely helpless but still in serious danger. Though the shotgun just sucks. I know it's a riot shotgun and spits salt but come on giving us a shotgun that doesn't blow everything away is just sacrilege. The health bar could have been more obvious though, I didn't even know one existed until like half way through the 2nd level.   I'd definetly reccomend this game to any horror fans. It's a fantastic experience and you're sure to get your money's worth with it. For those like me who never really play horror games, give it a shot. Play the game in small doses and pace yourself. No need to finish it all in one go.
LOVE IT.
Absolutely amazing! Minor bugs here and there like getting stuck on the train but despite that, I loved this one.
Sweet and short classic-inspired horror game (I really loved the PS1-era style of graphics).   Pick it up and support the dev! :D
The game is ok. But there are a few things that partially ruined my experience: 1. The map. Some levels are quite well structured, where others are just mazes and labyrinths with the only way to navigate is the map, wich only shows the room you're in, without showing the player in it. If you focus on realism, then let me draw on the map where i was and where i have to go. 2. Enemies. They are not terrifying or disgusting, but some of them are invulnerable and screeching so GOD DAMN LOUD MY EARS BLEED. AND YOU CAN NOT CHANGE THE VOLUME OF THAT SCREEHING. You can adjust the volume of the game in-game, but it DOESN'T WORK FOR THE SCREECH, so you have to go to the windows volume mixer and turn the volume of the game down. But there are some issues here. 3. Fullscreen and Frames Per Second. This is a major issue because whenever you minimize the fullscreen, it won't work. It wouldn't respond. So i can't turn down the volume and continue playing, i have to restart the game. I tried to play in window mode, but  1) it is not as satisfyieng  2) The fps counter was jumping like rabbit and was barely playable sometimes    4. The end bosses are not that hard to figure out, but they are so huge i was trapped and the screeching made it worse. [spoiler] I was talking about the monster with mouths instead of eyes. And the last one (with the door) i tried timing it, but in the end i just stood under the door waiting until the door closes on the enemy. It was just so tedeious :P [/spoiler] 5. Weapons. I know, horror games don't have to give you weapons that grants you immunity to the fear of monsters, but there are only 4 of them! They are well made, but i found myself using only the ruger, as it the most powerful and fast. The melee is kinda dumb, because nearly all of your enemies have range attacks or insane amount of health. There are few ammo packs, so count the bullets or die. 6. Progression. Sometimes you have to DIE to progress. And sometimes you trap yourself and die from the unvulnerable enemy. It's a trial-and-error, so be prepared for it, it might get tedious after a while.   7. Loud is not equal to scary. The first jumpscare got me, but the rest - eh.  The other things are well-made and well-crafted.  I will rate the game 7/10. Sometimes tedious, sometimes awsome. But overall, i don't think i will play it again any time soon for a different ending.  
I protect  I will attac  But most importantly   I won't hold bac
One of the best horror experiences I've ever had.  Taking insperation from the best of silent hill, you are set on a horrific adventure to find your dog from the depths of the sewers.  Trust me, you wont regret picking this one up.
I gotta admit, its been a while since I last felt genuine dread and terror of the dark unknown. Now I aint one to take horror games all that seriously since in most of them you either expect the same and plain Slenderman knockoff number 473 or you've already experienced enough to know what's coming, here it felt nothing the more trivial "jumpscare galore" games have done and it does a lot on its own through atmosphere, sound, and various confrontations that generally have you question your own sanity.  To sum up this game in a few words would simply boil down to "if Silent Hill was an FPS", now I most certainly ain't the first nor last to put it that way but with the amount of inspiration drawn from the Silent Hill series it definitely serves well. While I most certainly would want to spoil my review into every nook and cranny about what I experienced and what the systems were, I'm instead going be an arse and say buy this game and play it for yourself; its a thorough nightmare ride better experienced blind than with people having to spill it for you, you'll be trapped in the confines of the darkness below for about 2 to 4 hours. While pretty short it doesn't overstay its welcome, though one could always ask for more it regardless delivers the claustrophobic terror to quite a degree.  Now with some rather minor but not so annoying technical issues the game has, by the end it left me with my hands shivering under my shuddering breath all the while always looking over my shoulder anxiously waiting for something to pop at me with a pistol by my side, and hopefully such an experience can be brought to the rest.  This is currently a very underrated project by Kira and the amount of passion put into this is astounding, and most certainly deserves the love. I have to give a personal thanks to them for letting me experience that dread I never thought I would again in a game (perhaps that's because I've been out of the horror loop for a while, but regardless).  [spoiler]Also I was here before Pyro made the game cool shutup
remember the good ol' silent hill? well its back, and its called  Lost In Vivo
Too scary for me to play again but I got too 360 noscope a homeless woman with a sledgehammer so 10/10 never playing again.
Really good game. It does horror games right. There aren't any intended jumpscares. The visuals and music make it scary on its own. Saves and extra ammo are also placed in good locations.
A fantastic horror game, everything about it was great. Lots of surreal and terrifying imagery, well designed maps and puzzles, audio is fantastic and does a great job at drawing out the creepy environments.
So far, my favorite horror game of 2018. The game has wonderful ps1 style graphics, which don't hurt my eyes for once (especially in an fps). The enemies are weird and twisted, a very clear homage to the silent hill games with how it's story and environments are going as well. I've heard that the new game+ is also very good as it tweaks enemy placements, there are also many secrets to be found, including multiple endings. Honestly can't recommend this enough if you're a psychological horror fan/silent hill fan, without spoiling too much. Definitely give this one a try.
10/10
this game so far is great but i'm too scared to even launch it.
A 3 and a half hour nightmare. Nice oldschool PS1 grafics (good aesthetics), phenomenal sound design (last horrorgame with such a nice one is Dead Space 1 in my oppinion) and a good feeling gameplay.
Great experience at a great price. The game manages to show the inspiration it took from Silent Hill without copying it.
I hate horror games, but this... this is a great game. It's not the type of horrow that relies on "jumpscares" as the main method of inflicting fear upon the player. It's in the ambiance. It's in the  effects. It's in the excellent presentation of the game. I have only just dipped my toes into the game, but I hope to delve even deeper. I would truely recommend this game to anyone seeking a slower paced, yet unsettling game. I just love how helpless this game makes me feel.  My only gripes about the game would be about some of the technical issues. Overall these issues are nothing too serious, and relatively do not break the immersion.
In this game you lose your dog down a storm drain due to heavy amounts of rain. John Wick must get his dog back by venturing into the sewers below and claim revenge by battling many gruesome monsters with questionable accents.    The game plays perfect homage to the classic Silent Hill games. The good ones at least. (first three titles of the series) If you enjoyed those games, this is an absolute must try.
Just played through the entire game in one sitting.  Definitely one of the best horror games I have played this year, it's a must play.  Special thanks to Pyrocynical for his Video on the game so I found it.
Wow, a good horror game.
A hidden gem and a wonderful surprise   This game needs more attention and love than its getting right now. Like seriously if you like horror please buy this game.  Are you dissapointed Silent Hills was canceled? Looking for a new Silent Hill game? Lost in Vivo is basically Silent Hills and in my opinion even better than Silent Hill 2 in some regards.  I have not played a horror game this good since Resident evil 7 and Alien Isolation. This game takes the mechanics, atmosphere, tone and style of Silent Hill games and translates them into a FPS style. Extremly fantastic sound design and build up. Followed by a really well done psuedo PS1/PS2 graphics style with the grimey gloomey aesthetics of Silent Hill 1/2. I often found myself looking behind myself only to find nothing there. An excellant use of tension and release. Its short and sweet and doesnt over stay its welcome either.   This game should be played as blind as possible in my opinion. So just take my word for it. Seriously you wont regret it!  9.5/10 Game of the year materiel
Lost In Vivo is one of the best horror games I have ever played. That's a bold statement, but Lost In Vivo shows a lot of hard work put into the environments, puzzles, and monster design.   Firstly, the environment. It's very claustrophobic, which is a major theme in the story. You spend a lot of time in tight spaces, and since there are monsters and combat, it adds an air of paranoia to an already creepy situation. The locations you visit are pretty varied, too. Starting out in a sewer but eventually ending up in very Silent Hill like situations, and some creative ones at that.   The puzzles are sufficiently thought provoking without being too tough, and even alternate paths can be discovered with some persistence and lateral thinking. Figuring out that some enemies are weak to certain weapons adds a degree of strategy to the combat.   Which leads me to the monster design. The enemies are pretty diverse, and new ones regularly pop up as the game goes on. The enemies are quite effectively scary and absolutely bizarre and creepy. They don't overstay their welcome, either, as most enemies are limited to one section of the game.  The game's length is pretty decent for a horror game, I'd say it'll take between 3-5 hours to complete the first time through, though an excellent feature the game has after completion is New Game+ mode! It ups the difficulty, adds new enemies and scares, and gives you all weapons right at the beginning. It adds a nice amount of replayability.   Overall, the game is definitely worth the price. There are still secrets I'm discovering on subsequent playthroughs, as well as hidden game modes. Definitely check this game out!
For a game that's 9,99 this has to be one of the best deals for a game that has good lore, spooky atmosphere, great sound design and so on.  
As someone who has never played Silent Hill, I can safely say this is one amazing title. Best indie horror game I have played in years. Somewhat more generous with ammo than I would expect given the games description, but whatever. I greatly anticipate the next game from Akuma Kira!
I actually have about 7 hours in this game but I played it through the executable file instead. It was a fun and creepy game. I enjoyed finding out about the main character, and how personalized the enemies and environment were to her struggles. This is a psychological horror trope that I love, going back to games like American Mcgee's Alice.  There is also a lot of easter eggs in this game, when I started the game up for a session at 12:21AM I was a little confused :) I don't want to spoil too much, but there was one part of this game that did kind of frustrate me. It was after the zombie that freezes when you look at it, and you're going up the elvator and something appears to happen. This fakeout didn't really feel good to me as a player. Other than that, it was an enjoyable game for the price and I'd reccomend it to any psychological horror fan.
Its worth all the money
pretty good game a bi9t short but impressive for a indie title
Great horror game. Tense atmosphere, fun visuals, a lot of secret stuff. Definitly feel it was worth the price of admission.
A throwback to classic survival horror titles such as Silent Hill and Resident Evil with its spooky scares and backtracking puzzles. I don't even like indie horror games that much because most of them revolve around the hide and seek scares rather than the act of facing your fears and fighting back. I highly recommend this game if you love traditional survival horror games.
Wow, definitely very scary. The music and visuals are a great tribute to the survival horror classics. The combat is actually not super difficult until the end. For example I didn't even need to precision aim my weapons until the very end of the game. The puzzles aren't mind bending either. But definitely if you want a fun and truly scary experience, this game will deliver for a great price.  P.S. Love the Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem esque tricks. Maybe a few more would have been awesome.
okay this is epic
Bugs here and there but great game. 2-3 Hours speeding through but very powerful scares throughout. Best horror game I've played in recent memory so definitely pick it up if you're into horror/scares.
Dont play this game while intoxicated. 
An amazing game! The main story is around 3-4 hours long with some extra content in the forms of video tapes and new game +. Very Silent Hilly althought a completely original idea. Read everything! I'm not one for reading but the creepy notes and pages found around help and also spooky you out. I myself didnt experience any bugs althought some other users said they have but nothing major.   10/10  My only con is the game kept crashing if i minimised in fullscreen mode T_T but that might of just been me.  Pros:  Fun gun play Very scary and as far as i remember i didnt see 1 jump scare. Music is amazing the atmosphere mixed with it is even better. Original game mechanics and ideas.  only £9.29 graphics style lighting  there are just so many pros!  Suggestions: Add VR support PLEASE
Listen: I love Silent Hill, and i love FPS, and i am absolutely ADORING this game and the developer who put his passion into this.  But i can NOT play this due to the soundmixing. I have the Sound so low already due to the issues to the point where i can barely even hear the game, but then come along the train enemy that just screeches so loud that it makes me just ALT F4 on the spot.  Otherwise this has to be one of the best Indie (Horror) Games that i have played this year, it is just such a shame that this sound issue is so bad for my sensitive ears that i have to either put this game down for the time being or just play with the sound almost entirely muted (Which is something i dont want because the sound design is great)  EDIT: Now after finishing the game, i can truly say this is one of the most well-crafted Horror Games that i have played. It is such a nice breath of fresh air that a game finally managed to make me be afraid of walking forward, made feel anxious in every hallway and every door i opened.... AND I DID IT ALL FOR MY CORGI AND I WOULD DO IT AGAIN
THE WALLS AREN'T SAFE THE WALLS AREN'T SAFE THE WALLS AREN'T SAFE THE WALLS AREN'T SAFE THE WALLS AREN'T SAFE THE WALLS AREN'T SAFE THE WALLS AREN'T SAFE THE WALLS AREN'T SAFE THE WALLS AREN'T SAFE THE WALLS AREN'T SAFE THE WALLS AREN'T SAFE 
1 hour into the game, already had WTF and panic moments lol.  If you like silent hill/cry of fear twisted type horror games then check this one out.  Update : Yep the game plays with you along with more panic moments lol
Would recommend this to any fan of horror. It's good.
Welp, some friends of mine pointed me towards this game, stating that it's like a classic Silent Hill experience with an FPS perspective. ... Yeah, that was pretty accurate. I love the original Silent Hill trilogy and the tricks used here to give those retro PS1 visuals with modern lighting and reflective effects is quite an interesting artstyle for the game. I will say that the pacing of the game is masterful, nothing is overdone, and it moves along wonderfully. The scares largely leave it up to your imagination with long treks in dark, cramped hallways with often no noise, or disturbing sound effects. Of course there will be monsters along the way which I will leave vague. Some may complain about the regenerating health, but it didn't bother me much.   I don't have many criticisms for this game. My only real criticism is the asking price. For something that's this short, it feels a little steep. The whole experience was great, yeah, and there's hidden stuff you can look for, like this minigame which I won't spoil. As well as NG+, so replay value is there. If you like a quality horror game with no bullshit, pick this one up.
A downward spiral of a nightmare that just keeps dragging you further in.
Barring a few minor technical issues this subversive, terrifying little title is well worth the time and money of anyone looking for an honest to goodness indie survival horror game.  Or anyone who wants worthwhile horror experience in general.   There are many influences here, all worn proudly on various sleeves.  Silent Hill is the most obvious.  The frequent rusty hell dungeons, general gameplay, sound work, and even cetain UI/UX elements will be familiar to anyone who's touched that series.  But a variety of elements also make deliberate reference to the legacy of solo-tier indie horror, especially during its immense popularity around 2015.  Loading screens quote unintentionally hilarious dialogue from z-grade titles like My Bones and Apartment 666.  Monsters and environments riff on concepts from the SCP universe and general horror tropes.  Meta subversions and grimfaced self awareness appear throughout, hearkening back to games like imscared and Spooky's Jumpscare Mansion (which the developer previously worked on).    This is not to say that LiV is a pieced-together hodgepodge of stuff from other games.  It is very much its own thing, with its own personality and its own ideas.  Comfortable and familiar, but simultaneously very unfamiliar, and very uncomfortable.  Lost in Vivo is frightening, you see.  Really, unexpectedly, frightening.  The enemy design in particular is nightmarish, with a gleeful black sense of humor punctuating the grotesqueness of their designs and the hair-raising discomfort of their noises.  As I said there's a vein of meta horror weaving through also, and by the end you'll have given up trusting anything.  Not your eyes, not your ears, not accumulated knowledge of how these games are supposed to work, and certainly not Lost in Vivo.  There are many nitpicks that could be leveled at the gameplay, from the boilerplate combat to the slightly clunky controls and mushy game feel and the relative lack of challenge.  None of that matters though.  You're compelled forward by never knowing what you're going to see or experience next.  What new environment will you find yourself in?  What new monstrosity will appear out of the fog?  And what new subversion will the developer use to play with your assumptions and expectations?  Also, it's very pretty.  If "pretty" can be used to describe a game that bathes in so much ugliness.  Low poly models and low resolution textures combine with stylized bloom and bump/specular mapping for a rather striking look that benefits from the janky discomfort of retro 3d as well as the visual pop of modern shaders and post processing.  But without falling into the trap of unreadable visual clutter.  And I have to state again how creative and unsettling a lot of the monster designs are.  I won't blaspheme by making comparisons to the legendary Silent Hill enemy roster, but I will say that Akuma Kira has proven himself an artistic talent worth watching.  Definitely give this game a try.  I do hope a few choice bugs are patched and the audio mixing is polished up a bit, but neither of those things should keep you from this gem that's currently and unjustly hidden.
This game is hands down one one the scariest games I've ever played, right on top with IMSCARED.  Although old-like graphics, the visuals are stunning and the audio is amazing, I really hope to see more games like this in the future.  Keep it up, Kira!
if you like the PS1 era, Horror games, John Wick, Doggos and Claustrophobia buy it, its amazing.
This is one of the more intense games I have played in a while. It is simplistic and yet so damn effective at what it sets out to do, which is more than likely to scare the ever loving error codes out of you.  One complaint I have, however, is the audio. I'm not 100% sure, but it's probably my machine and not the developer's fault. Regardless, the issue I experienced was highly random or imbalanced audio levels. For instance, when opening a door the audio would jump up as if I had left the volume at max when in fact it was as low as it could be. This became especially annoying when encountering the train doodads--oh boy.  Overall, this game is a very nice indie horror title. I can highly recommend it.
[h1]Silent Hill in FPS mode with a Corgi.[/h1]  [b]Pros:[/b] [list]     [*]Genuinely frightening game with minimal jump scares.     [*]Authentic PS1 era visuals.     [*]NG+ mode offers up replayability.     [*]I jumped at the sound of a toilet door opening.     [*]Amazing sound design. Mostly. [/list] [b]Cons:[/b] [list]     [*]Some sound effects are too loud.     [*]You didn't want to sleep tonight anyway, right? [/list]  Full video review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNDjlR_LcVk
This is one of the best horror games I've played, and I have yet to finish it.  
Lost in Vivo is a retro survival horror experience that takes heavy cues from the Silent Hill games (particularly the first one) and combines it with the genre exploitation of indie horror. There's a careful attention to detail, with levels that span out around a single saferoom and require backtracking, light puzzle solving and resource-limited combat with various creatures.   The atmosphere is thick and foreboding, making heavy use of underground locations that are filled with rustic metals and flesh. The monster design here is the star of the show, with hideous forms and shapes that surprise and mesmerize. They make you scramble for that blue-lit saferoom in terror and relief. The sound design - both in terms of the noises the creatures make and the soundtrack, are reminiscient of Akira Yamaoka's work in the best possible way.  There are a lot of hidden and mysterious elements in Lost in Vivo that can be discovered by simply launching the game at certain times or setting options to specific values. Kira clearly has a fixation for creating a sort of meta-horror that permeates not just the fictional universe, but the very program that you execute to play the game.  I did encounter a few bugs that required reloading a save, and some of the weapons and mechanics are not as satisfying as you'd hope, but these are small issues compared to the tightly woven journey into the terrifying and rusty, haunting depths that awaits.  This should be on any survival horror fan's must-play list.
Lost in Vivo is a superb psychological horror game that provides an example of horror done well. It contains a tense and frightening atmosphere, truly frightening monster designs, and a unique visual style. Clearly inspired by games like Silent Hill and the indie title Cry Of Fear, LIV is sure to creep you out, and is an overall very enjoyable experience.
Very cool game. Heavy RE/SH vibes. Second half of the game had me in a cold sweat because it was freaking me out so much. Outside of a few bugs, the game is amazing. Definetly buy!
Amazing! Kira's done it again. Lost in Vivo is a great horror game, It's like cry of fear meet's silent hill. I really felt uniqe when playing it and the atmosphear is terrifying.
9/10  A really well done horror game with some disturbing moments and horrifying enemy design, easily worth full price.  The only thing that keeps it from being a better game is its length, as it can be completed in a few hours - however, it's worth noting the game has multiple endings. There are also a few glitches, but at least from the ones I've encountered, they're not anything that really hamper the game in any way.  Lost in Vivo looks, sounds and feels disturbing. Everything in the game is well designed to make it really feel like a horror game - the scenario feels ominous, the monsters are horrifying and the sounds are creepy (and it's often hard to know what's ambient sound and what's the sound from a nearby monster). The game also includes plenty of moments to catch the player offguard, and they're well done - not just pointless jumpscare moments. Even the death scenes for when the main character dies can be pretty disturbing.  Highly recommended for any fan of horror games and even for the ones who aren't.  EDIT: Also worth noting that the game has a "Midnight Mode", which is a mode that only activates after midnight for a few hours and it's different from the rest of the game, with a new weapon and new enemies. It's kind of a time attack arcade mode with a boss fight at the end. Quite good as an added bonus to the main game and the soundtrack for this mode is also good.
[Don't mind the short playtime, I played a friend's copy then bought my own to support the dev and replay eventually]  Lost in Vivo starts as a tense, focused trawl through psychological trauma and eventually unfurls into a perfected amalgamation of the last few years of indie horror game trends and innovations. Like a whiteboard of ideas being crossed off one by one; LiV uses every psychological trick, cheap jumpscare, 4th wall breaking fakeout, and spooky narrative one after the other. They’re well paced and tight and keep on coming. Meanwhile the attention to detail means there are plenty of secrets, paths, hints, endings, etc for the completionist type to puzzle out.  It can be uneven, leading to frustrating choke points and a rambling storyline, not to mention the relatively empowered player blasting enemies to the dismay of hide n' sneak gameplay fans. Nevertheless the game is ultimately a feat. A single person's experience, hard work, and love of a genre made solid and scary as hell.  Full review here: https://untitledporkchop.com/2018/11/10/lost-in-vivo-an-all-encompassing-love-letter-to-indie-horror/
Solid atmosphere with some fun tricks/scares to it. The design of many of the enemies/obstacles you encounter are also as amusingly clever as they are creepy. The audio in particular is fantastic at making you feel generally uncomfortable. Runs about 3-4 hours with multiple endings if you want to go for them. There are some guns/weapons you can get but they're more for "getting this thing away from me/let me clear this out to get to the door" than active engagement and it's quite possible to get through the game by swinging your default melee weapon and being careful/avoiding things.
[h1]Lost in Vivo[/h1]  [i]I recommend this game mostly for the dark atmosphere created , the stylized graphics and the sounds ( same as another game i reviewed - Bring to Light ) but this product instead of sticking to the atmosphere gives you a lot of guns and enemies in the second part that "ruin" the feeling created and in general the all package is definetly unpolished/untested ( i have never seen so much collision with solid objects in a game before ) !  be aware tho - there is no proper 21:9 support/implementation ( image is cut off at the upper and bottom part ) / the frame rate plummets from 60 to 17 in one section which takes a couple a minutes ( after you solve the electrical "puzzle" and the train arrives ) and on further testing the frame rate drops drastically whenever a metro train is involved / there are annoying bugs ( ex - no alt/tab , the flashlight staying always on when new loading sections appear ) and a lot more clipping thru solid objects ( walls/pipes/light bulbs and others ) with your guns/"body" that detracts from the immersion involved - the doors are "programmed" to go thru you when you open or close them !  btw , the in game tapes are awesome same as the body horror ( a la Cronenberg ) ![/i]
This game has a great atmosphere, and scares that will keep you at the edge of your seat. I totally recommend it!
One of the best horror games I've played. Not filled with annoying fetch quests, throwing new stuff at you constantly. The monster design and sound design were beyond scary and had me slowly walking around every corner with my gun out ready to fire. Monster design reminded me of another game called Cry of Fear, where it was pixelated and you're mainly using your imagination to fill in what the graphics don't. Some of the areas in the game looked like art because the lighting was done so well. That's one of the main things I'll praise this game for doing well. [spoiler]There were a few moments of "4th wall breaking" that were done very well, had me actually guessing wtf was happening. Then there was one 4th wall breaking moment that didn't really make sense, it involved a fake blue screen, it was just out of place, but everything else was done very well.[/spoiler] There's a few bugs, one is if you're playing in full screen and alt tab, have fun getting back into the game. Then there's a point where I had to force restart because I fell out of the map. Happened right at the end of the game as well. Enemies getting stuck in me and making it so I couldn't move or hit them, that happened like 2 times so it's not that big of a deal. Game overall ran well. No frame drops anywhere.  
[b] Lost in Vivo [/b] is a psychological horror game that admittedly uses some very dated graphics, although I personally enjoy that retro look. It takes about 3-4 hours to beat, not counting secrets and changes that you get on a second playthrough. I am guessing that this game is largely inspired by [i] Hellnight [/i], a PS1 game where you ventured in narrow corridors through the dark sewers. Probably the best aspect of this horror game is the ability to inflict a claustrophobic fear. About 80% of the game takes place in small tunnels with limited visibility, never giving any room to relax. It’s a relatively short game, but it feels much longer because I wanted to get out of this hell as soon as possible. Even though I enjoyed this experience, the game suffers from some significant technical problems.  Vivo has a very basic combat system which did not do it any favors. I feel like this experience could be better with no direct way to deal with enemies. When you look at very spooky games like Hellnight or Outlast, they are scary because you cannot simply overcome a dangerous situation with generic FPS gameplay. Lost in Vivo gives you a hammer, handgun and a shotgun early in the game, making you feel like a damn Paladin. I never felt like an individual trying to survive because I felt confident that I could just kill everything. There are some parts of the game where you cannot kill an enemy unless you solve a puzzle, that is where the game is at its best. It has many interesting psychological moments that did a good job setting the mood, but as I said, the combat may have cheapened this experience.   [h1] Pros: [/h1]  + immersive atmosphere / claustrophobic entire way + many psychological effects  + many worthwhile secrets  + the second playthrough changes some things + more than one ending (not sure how many)  [h1] Cons: [/h1]  - extremely glitchy  - potential crashes - problems starting and exiting - other polish and consistency problems  [b] Overall Thoughts: 6/10 (8/10 if it was perfectly polished) [/b]  I generally do not overreact to a few glitches, but there were too many of them to ignore. From crashes to bugs that forced me to reload a save file (at least 5 times), I have to admit that I was extremely annoyed. If you don't mind its retro graphics and potential technical problems, there is a fun horror game underneath. After I beat Lost in Vivo I felt like I went through entire Hell and returned back, making it somewhat memorable.  [code]Review By: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/31294838-Hidden-Gem-Discovery/ [/code]
It's pretty much just a port of flappy bird but with realistic graphics which i think is a pretty cool idea. I have to say that i'm looking forward to updates of this game. However occasionally the achievements that it said it would give you aren't actually given to you if you could fix this then me and many others would be happy. the same occurs when you pass threw pipes what i mean by this is that you occasionally aren't rewarded with points once again if you could fix this me and many others would be happy.
This game is real one! I can play forever alone!
Always like to support small Indie Game houses. I know there are more games coming from Yobowargames this year. Quick and easy to play but lots of "Rallying " to deal with. Fun game great graphics on counters!
Having played the demo for this game, I've now got my hands on the full release. I've just started a Let's Play over on my Youtube channel, so if anyone's interested, here's the link to the first episode if they'd like to take a look at the product before making a decision on whether to buy or not: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VunllU4LyG8  My thoughts so far: the dev certainly appears to have improved on a couple of mechanics (particularly low mouse sensitivity) that I mentioned when I played the demo, and so far I'm enjoying the game. Sure, there's not a lot to it - but that's what I like. It's simple and straightforward. You run and gun, taking down lots of enemies with a variety of weapons whilst avoiding their return fire. You pick up ammo and health from the surrounding environment, and there are various 2D objects that can be affected by gunfire (EG explosive barrels, dustbins that can be busted open for more ammo, lights that can be shot out, etc). There are friendly and enemy NPCs (some of the former can be interacted with). The storyline, from what I've seen so far, is straightforward enough. The graphics have an old-school, colourful, pixellated charm to them, in my opinion.
My go to VR shooter at the moment! Great graphics and physics, controls are smooth and your always able to find a match.
I've put in many hours into Onward and a few in Pavlov and just got around to playing this. I can honestly say that based on my initial impressions I think I prefer this game over those two. If Pavlov is CSGO in VR and Onward is small scale Squad in VR then this game is MW2 in VR. It is a great middle ground between those two games. It has a ton of weapon and attachment variety which is great. It has really good integration with enthusiast peripherals like gunstock calibration and VR treadmill support. The player base is smaller than Onward and Pavlov though which is the the only major drawback I can mention. I have had times where there are only one or two servers that are completely full in the browser which is a bit frustrating. I created my own lobby in these scenarios though and within 10 or so minutes there were enough people to start playing.   Theres all sorts of great little details too; for instance theres a bit of resistance when pulling the magazine out of your gun which gives you the feeling of pulling on it with a level of force. Its a very polished feeling VR game and that is honestly hard to come by still.  Overall a fantastic VR shooter.
gooooood shit
Lots of fun, just screwing around in the starting area is loads of fun and the devs actually add new content and seem to be very up to date on things. I definitely got my money's worth.
By far the best VR FPS I've tried. The gunplay feels authentic, and it has incredible performance on my mediocre (for vr) pc. The recent addition of the virtual gunstock also greatly improved the quality of the game.
This is a very fun game. The guns are very customizable and fun to mess around with. The singleplayer mode could use more work like time of day and smarter AI, but the potential is there. Worth the money.
I don't usually do this but this game is the best fps game on the vr. I had this game for 2 days now and I really enjoy it!!
great game, devs are doing things right!
fun
You have arms
good
Fun game.
This is my first review ever. Just bought this game yesterday for $14.00...still can't believe this game only costs $14.00. If you enjoy Onward and Pavlov like me then please pick this game up. After only two hours of game time I can tell you that this will be my go to VR first person shooter. I've read a few of the other reviewers comments about not being able to find a game, but that is not what I experienced. I was able to jump right into a game anytime I wished. Also, hit detection is spot on, just as good as onward or Pavlov so not sure what those comments were about either. 
Very polished VR FPS, best graphics of the bunch.
This is one of the best games available for VR.  I highly recommend it, it feels exactly like it should!
Best feeling shooter in VR at the moment. It just feels...right. Graphics are superb, the maps are extremely well made. Can't wait for the new generation of headsets because when they come out this game will be very very popular and populated.   Very well done to the devs, can't recommend this shooter enough.
Very fun game.   I mostly wanted to write this for people who were looking for a comparison of this game VS Onward. I noticed a lot of Non recommends because people were saying it was too casual for people who enjoyed Onward, or that Onward was too difficult and this game is easier etc.  Onward is a Military Simulator type shooter, with focus on squad dynamics and communication and teamwork. It is not easy by any means, and it only get crazier as you go. Think of it as Rainbow Six Vegas as far as pacing goes, or even ARMA if you choose to play it that way.  Contractors has more of a Call of Duty Black Ops 2 feel to it. The gunplay is pretty decent, but the game suffers from the same issues as COD does. People flying around corners and snapshotting you with a sniper rifle with a red dot, effectively one hitting you. There is a very toxic mentality that seems pretty common, but there is also a decent community looking to just enjoy the game. Contractors has some gorgeous graphics, but it suffers from the distance fuzz that all VR games suffer from. The motion controls are great, with the only personal exception being that your chest rig is too far out from your actual body, and it makes for confusing use of magazines, and tactical options like grenades. Personally I like to have my stuff fit a bit closer to my body, but I also am fairly slim.  Overall the game is fun. It doesn't play the same as Onward so you shouldn't compare them really, with the exception being that they are both shooters ;)
My favourite VR shooter. Best gunplay and graphics.  Can 100% recommend!
This is a great VR shooter ! Animations are the best yet ! The maps are very detailed and complicated. Not just copy and paste assets. The game modes are constantly updated and there is always something new to look forward to. This is better looking than Pavlov, and Onward. Not to knock those, as they all have their strengths and weaknesses. For 19 bucks it has been money well spent. If you are shooter fans that like TDM , Capture point type game modes - than this is a good one. For early access it's one of the best looking I have seen ! Get it ! Play it! enjoy :)
good fun a bit glitchy for WMR
This game is awesome, feels great to shoot, feels great to handle the weapons, it even feels good to shoot, to CHOOSE HOW YOU WANT TO GRIP YOUR WEAPON, you can customize your guns pretty good, the maps are good, a good variety of maps too, the control points in capture are pretty neat, not too deep so taking them back won't be impossible, so you can always win, you can always loose, communication is pretty cool, the only down side I see to this game is the population, but don't worry, there are enough people to always keep the game going, just make sure you go to SERVER LIST instead of matchmaking, this game is awesome, give it a try and you won't regret it.
No more no less than Battlefield (minus the vehicles) or Call of Duty on PS3 for graphics... but on VR!  Remain butter smooth at maximum settings (Ryzen 5 2600 + RTX 2070 + 16GB) without any lag. Great weaponry and very instinctive usage of the vest for both grabing new items and reload (So much better than Arizona Sunshine, and even better of course than Contagion VR).  A must have for FPS fans, to make players community growing!
one of the best VR shooters a have played and i enjoy the customablilty of you weapons and your loadout
I honestly love this game (AT ITS BASE LEVEL) more than Onward or Pavlov. Just has a sense of polish that the other ones don't have. That might change at any time, of course. The player base is not super active however. Your mileage may vary.
Has a gunstock calibration tool. 10/10.
Must buy vr shooter...
Best VR Shooter there is.  Awesome! I didn't expect to put 180 hours into this game but it is best VR FPS (including Pavward) for fun but kinda realistic gameplay.  Player base is small but growing.  Everyone i've played with is really cool - zero screaming kids.  The only problem is it needs more players and maps.
One of the best VR FPS yet. I think the best mechanics using the motion controller yet, both immersive and a little more reliable/intuitive than the others I have tried.  It is early access but the things I would most want to see work on: More maps. Better bots / practice mode.
This is a long overdue review for Contractors. Currently, this is my favorite on-line VR game. As a casual FPS gamer, I tried to play Onward but always got sniped immediately and got tired of sitting on the sidelines waiting to get into another short lived game. It was a little too serious for me. I used to play Pavlov a lot, but when Contractors came out, I found that I spend more time away from Pavlov. The game graphics and gun mechanics in Contractors are really good (but the body postures are a little funky when people look like they are lying down in a body puddle). I really like the Contractors community... they will help you get figure out the game and get started and don't take things super seriously. If you want to learn to play a game without getting a lot of negative attitude, this can be a good game to check out. It still is marvelously weird to shoot down another player and have them compliment you on a lucky shot which kills them... but this has been my experience here. I don't have the trigger reflexes of most of the players, but it feels refreshing to listen to how many people are laughing at themselves in an FPS game. Don't get me wrong, teams still can play very competitively but more often than not, I have seen players switch teams mid-game to balance out the events. A few of the players are definitely to be feared.... but are supportive at the same time. All in all a very fun FPS game, with good mechanics and great community to-date as of Spring 2019.
Fun mix of Pavlov and Onward. Incredibly polished, looks great and guns feel realistic.
I will continue saying what everyone else has.  This is by far the best VR PVP shooter on the market. While Pavlov is fun it gets crazy silly at times with random spraying garbage.   This game has a great blend of being quick paced action of Pavlov and great handling of Onward.   The only issue is the player base. You see the same 5-10 guys everytime you play and as an American far more EU players are around than fellow NA players resulting in a lot of games with little to no English.  Idk if it's the price point or what but this game NEEDS players so if you're on the fence buy it and add me while we both cry ourselves to sleep as the pros do very mean things to us.  **one last thing, feel free to check my profile to see how many VR shooters I play. This is seriously the best one**
I absolutely love this game! The realism  and graphics are exceptional. The game modes are amazing and the maps are truly creative and immersive. I couldn't recommend this game enough. Please join in on the fun. Great community of friendly players!
Really fun, super polished FPS. There is the more tactical Control mode, and the run and gun Team Death Match, plus a couple other fun modes. Tons of weapons and accessories to choose from to build custom loadouts. Gun play and physics feel great. Grenade tosses feel really good as well. Maps are good sized and well designed, with lots of great detail compared to other VR shooters. Easy to see that the dev team is putting their heart and soul into this game.  TTK is pretty quick, so newer players may struggle at first, but as you learn the maps and learn the mechanics you'll improve. Heavy armor is great for newer players as it will give you a split second more time to react to opponents, though head shots are always one hit kills. Stick with it though and it's totally worth it.  Highly recommended if you're ready to move up Pavlov or Stand Out and really hone your VR FPS skills.
Its awesome.  The weapons feel good and realistic same for the recoil.Excited to see what else they will add.
I have to say, this is a very good...Na, great VR shooter game!!
If you have mid tier specs (1060 6G, 8GB Ram, i5 4460) DON'T BUY. Ran at 30-45fps most of the time.  Also, my torso kept moving into my head even after multiple calibrations.   However, this is probably due to the torso only moving to my head position about 20 times a second because of the lag. If you have very high specs, I'm sure this game will look lovely and you'll have a great time. Gun play was pretty good when I could actually move the gun from my holster. And for that reason, I can still reccomend this, but on that one pivotal point.
Let me start by saying that this will be an initial review, and I'll do it in-depth review after I played it more. I have played zero-caliber, onward, horseshoes hotdogs and hand grenades, Pavlov and others. While these are all amazing games that I have enjoyed very much. I really do feel like this takes it to another level. Just the graphics fidelity alone really sets it apart. However, more importantly I think the interaction with the guns and equipment and overall feel of scale is really game-changing. I used to think that maybe it was because of the controllers or because of the way VR is inherently so different from The real world and handling heavy objects like rifles. This doesn't seem to be the case though as when playing this game equipment feels heavier the physics are so good it actually really feels like you're firing these weapons. I found myself getting lost in this game, letting go of the fact that I'm in a VR headset and letting reflex simply take over. I'll admit zero caliber does this very well also, and although hot dogs horseshoes and hand grenades is very accurate in the way you handle the weapons sometimes it can be frustrating to just getting to that state of flow where you are ejecting clips and reloading without even thinking. I'm happy to have found it and playing the other ones has given me lots of perspective but this is definitely the one. I hope that all of these FPS games sort of adopt this similar standard that contractors has. Like dedicating one trigger to either grabbing the receiver and having another trigger for grabbing the grip. While I love zero caliber sometimes it can be so frustrating when you're trying to grab the grip but you're just grabbing the receiver and vice versa. I also hope other games in VR follow this lead of graphics fidelity and optimization. This game actually runs better and looks better on my machine which is a 1070 i7 exedra then any of the other ones. Also having AI bots in death match is nice for casual offline play. Anyway, all in all it's just nice to see games of this caliber pun intended coming out and really setting stage for FPS VR games. I'm excited to see what boneworks and stormland bring to the table :)
Contractors hits the sweet spot between Pavlov and Onward. The pace of the matches is finely tuned. You aren't in constant gunfights like Pavlov, yet you aren't standing around waiting for matches to end like Onward. Instead, you find yourself seeking out back to back gunfights with brief calmness between them. The maps aren't too large that you find yourself wandering too often, you'll generally find some action very quickly! The graphics are phenomenal in Contractors, a game looking this well already in early access is sure to be a top contender for the VR FPS category. The only downside is that you haven't bought this game yet. Definitely worth a buy!
Its somewhere in between Pavlov and Onward. And it needs to stay on the track because its a great one!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kEF48ZTocw 
So, I'm reviewing this because I want more people to buy and play this. It's a really well optimized game for VR already, minimal wooziness and great map design and gun gameplay and control. Of course it needs a little polish, but overall this game is the perfect balance between the other two main contenders in the VR world, Pav and On. This game has a great community who can laugh but also get tactical AF if they want to. Get it and play with us, so (you and) I can play on more maps and help these awesome devs out.
My favorite vr game ever
Not too hardcore, not to casual: great feel and balance: only just started playing but i would definitely recommend to anyone getting into VR.
This game is a blast with friends.
Fucking Amazing.
Will update when I've played more but this game is class. Great graphics and VR implementation. Incredibly satisfying and deep gameplay. When you get in a good team and pull off a great strategy together it's just awesome and so immersive. Community good at the moment as well. Get this
It's my favorite FPS shooter in VR.   I have played Pavlov, Onward, War Dust, and Stand Out. This is my favorite. Fast game play, large levels, great player base, and active devs.   I also feel like it has the best graphics compared to the others with no crashes or glitches. It's very well polished. The guns feel very realistic.
This feels very realistic, the weapon handling is great, and the loadout system is very interesting. The game really rewards you with a feeling of satisfaction when you put down an enemy. If Pavlov VR is already in your library you should definitely add Contractors to it too, this game offers another level of detail and immersion that feels great.
In Japan, heart surgeon. Number one. Steady hand. One day, Yakuza boss need new heart. I do operation. But, mistake! Yakuza boss die! Yakuza very mad. I hide in fishing boat, come to America. No english, no food, no money. Darryl give me job. Now I have house, American car, and new woman. Darryl save life. My big secret: I kill Yakuza boss on purpose. I good surgeon. The best!  That said...eh, this game's alright, personally prefer the fun and casual Pavlov VR which I plan to write a serious review for soon but as for Contractors VR I do like the loadout system a lot and prefer that over the Counter Strike influenced loadout system in Pavlov but I do swap between both games depending on which I'm feeling. Contractors has a very Call of Duty feel to it where as Pavlov VR just feels more like laid back fun. Pretty decent customization options for Contractors that doesn't requiring you to "rank up" to gain access to everything like Zero Caliber.  Something else I will mention is that each of the big VR FPS games are hard to call better than another because they all have their own unique feel to them. Zero Caliber has a story (that I personally find...cringy and too Hollywood/Call of Duty in feel which doesn't blend well actually being in VR as the main character) and a campaign system that gives you something to work toward. Contractors VR is essentially just all multiplayer Call of Duty and I'm fine with that. And Pavlov is hands down simplistic FPS fun without customization hassle or hundreds of weapon choices. Perfect for just hopping on real quick to satisfy your VR craving before having to leave or hit the sack. Or play for several hours without end...  But to stay on Contractors VR, I like the idea of not having infinite ammo and having to actually grab ammunition from stock piles when you're running low but in my experience I get dropped before having to use them. The player models seem a little odd when it comes to wrist and arm movement but I've yet to come across a VR title that does that perfectly anyway. Graphics are decent but not as good looking as Zero Caliber which I believe holds the crown for VR FPS visuals at the moment. Some guns look kinda off scale (i.e., M1911 seemed almost miniature compared to the size of the in game hand) but not a huge gripe. Had some solid fun for a few rounds first time I played it but got bored afterward. Found myself going right back to Pavlov as always. But it's still a game I'd keep in the rotation of FPS games I keep on hand. War Dust is quite fun for a hot minute or so if you're into Battlefield more so than Call of Duty. I suggest turning your head in that direction if that's the case.  Otherwise, I give Contractors VR a 3.5/5 and a pat on the back for potentially becoming a 4 or 4.5 star VR FPS game in the future.  EDIT: Also, to piggy back off of what another user said, if you just want a damn near perfect gun sim for VR then just get H3VR, I can't stress enough how much fun I've had and how many hours straight per day I had wasted just messing with all the different guns and modifications only to shoot at virtual bottles and targets on a VR version of Hickok45's hillside range. It's a gun lover's paradise.
Hands down my favorite shooter for VR.
Best VR FPS game for exercise! Gotta make those squats count!  While the player base is quite low the recent VRML support for this game has brought it up! There's rarely any time you can't get a game going.
Amazing VR shoot. Better than Onward for sure. If you want a great multiplayer fps with great gun play, check this out. you won't be disappointed
10/10  In a few words... The best VR multiplayer shoot out there, still got some bugs, but nothing to worry about, sometimes is a little bit hard to find a match, but eventually someone will show up
It's a good mix between Onward and Pavlov. It isn't annoyingly fast pace like pavlov and isn't real slow like Onward. It has a lot of polish. It does need more maps, though there are updates introducing maps.
Fantastic game. Don't waste your time trying to find a fps game go ahead and click the buy button. smooth great communication based game.  Need more in the community!! Lets say this is the first fps game i bought and is still the only one downloaded out of the 4 I purchased!!
Best VR multiplayer shooter out there. realistic gun mechanics, interactable attatchments, a ton of guns to customize and up to 3 gun and 3 grenades in your loadout at a time. with custom lobies and tdm/control what is not to love?
Amazing game. Very much worth the $20 and I'm a penny pincher lol. Only thing that bothered me was the hands, theyre a little too big. And also I have oculus and games like onward and echo arena and vr chat gave me the ability to move my fingers around and it helps the game be more immersive. please follow in their footsteps take advantage of the finger tracking oculus has. Overall 10/10. Great game.
meh didnt really like it but it was a good game not really my type of game
It is a very good vr shooter. IMO better than both pavlov and contractors. before they added the anticheat it was almost unplayable but so far the anticheat has fixed the game. The devs are always adding new content and fixing bugs too. If you are to get this game, i definitly recommend a mid-high range gpu and 16gbs of ram, that way you wont drop frames.
Best vr shooter in the market.
Easily my favourite VR shooter, feels a bit more polished than Pavlov with a nice variety of weapons and attachments, gunplay is very smooth. Could use more maps and some guns and scopes have an annoying bug where they are black for a few seconds after you look down them. Would also really like to see higher player limits and dedicated/community servers. If they could add support for higher player counts and bigger maps it would be awesome
Note: The game's technically got WMR support, but the joysticks didn't deploy when I first loaded in. Please find out how to access the controller binding workshop for this game and try either my or someone else's published controller binding.  My review: 8.5/10 (Could use more players but fun anyway)  It's really something. It's mildly cartoony and the guns have different names, but it's an incredible mashup of almost seductive interaction and tactical elements/features. It encourages you to experiment with cover and positions because of how realistic the damage is.  Comes with a great weapon selection and a fair assortment of accessories. No underbarrel grenade launchers/shotguns yet, though. x)  You'll have a fun time interacting with your weapons and grenades and admiring your big hands! The game's got a great full body VR representation. It's also never been easier to throw a knife!  The player base is a bit small though, last night there were two servers, today there was 6-8. I'd hold off until an update comes and gets everyone excited, but it's well worth the price in every other aspect.  Just a few bits of feedback;  The pump shotgun's controls are a little awkward. I liked what Contagion VR Where you have to hold the gun's grip to hold and pump, I just wish it didn't feel like it was greased to pump with no resistance whatsoever.  It's also a little harder to quickdraw/pick up magazines without looking at them. I'd add a vest organizing and positioning menu.  Also a little laggy even on the lowest settings.  PS: I love the sound effects. Like metal gear but cuter.
Going to take awhile to get use to the new update. feel like they changed allot more than they say
Really good looking game the only problem i have with it is that i can't find an online game at all. Could find games when ibought it but after that no luck really a shame
A more polished version of Pavlov. Lots of fun!
This is literally COD for VR I can't recommend this enough, it's very realistic and very fun to play. Excited for any updates!
This is THE game i was waiting for. Contractors is faced paced Co-op style FPS, which has plenty of players online and is tons of fun. Also the Single-mode AI is great, and will get you started nicely. Great maps and gameplay make this a VR masterpiece!
I love Pavlov, but I think this game just took its place as my goto shooter. There are a couple rough edges and bugs I saw, but overall a lot of fun. I definitely recommend trying it out, it's well worth the $20 price.
Good  game lots of fun  but i can't last 2 mins without getting killed
Been playing Onward for a while and wanted to change it up a bit and came across Contractors. I love this game! The graphics and guns feel much better. We need more players for multiplayer, so hop on.
Although this game is arcade-y, i love it. The locomotion takes a bit to get used to, but once you do get used to it, it's worth it. I think it pulls off firearms really well and I'm excited to see where this goes.
please increase player count in servers!
If you have enjoyed onward this is a must buy. This is now my go to shooter for VR.   Plus there are games consistently available online.
This game is a blast, easily one of the best looking multplayer games ive played for VR. Its biggest issue is player count sometimes i spend an hour in a lobby with just me and one other person. but even then i'm still having fun i never played the offline mode simply cause its not what i bought it for. Its fast paced similar to a call of duty in terms of kill/death ratio.  so far this game is my favourite out of all the "top games" of this genre, personally really let down by onward and pavlov, not just by the games but the people playing them. This games got a good group of people. 
Love this game. Wish more people played it. Was skeptical from the videos. It's a bit difficult at first but once you learn the maps it gets easier. Tactics and teamwork help. Great Dev support for the time being. It's medium paced in regards to Pavlov and Onward. Some of the sights could use a bit darkening to help out with seeing in certain maps. Zero Caliber has them beat in this function. For being early access it's good. The new artic map is definitely too big for 5v5. They need some more maps and different game types. Maybe a rush style like in battlefield and a bomb plant diffuse and hostage.
Played it a little. i like it.
Really Good Game, great mecanics and fun to play
Great VR game, could use a night vision feature and dark maps to use with though.
this game rules 
Beep Boop Beep  Buy Contractors?     Y/N?    Y  /Running.....
This is off to a nice start. Gun controls are a little finicky and take some getting used to and sometimes the IK glitches out but this is one of the few FPS VR games where you can always get a multiplayer game going. Good tracking is important. Morpheus recommends playing this on the VIVE or a 3 sensor setup on the Rift. Looking forward to seeing how this progresses.
Game looks amazing, feels amazing. Get it.
Fits exactly between Pavlov and Onward making this game perfect.
I am not much of a FPS fan, however I gave this game a try since it is in VR.  I am so glad I did, the visuals are great, the game play is fun, and I was even able to hold my own.  This is by far one of the best early access titles I have experienced.
This games is FUN!!! -Good visuals -Decent weapon roster -Nice map size and layout  -Weapon handling is smooth and intuitive  -The gunstock calibration settings are a godsend  This game just needs more maps, more guns and customization options. AND CO-OP vs. BOTS please!!!
Extremely fun VR FPS. My favorite so far and I have played many of them. The game looks and runs great and is extremely polished for an early access title. The current active player base is good enough that I haven’t had trouble finding people to play with at any time of day or night.
Amazing game, looks great, runs great, plays great.  If you dislike Pavlov and find Onward to be too full of tryhards, get this game.
Nice game but its got lag most of the time, ive had about 1h worth of good smooth gaming out of 7hs and after a while it makes you feel sick and this is the first vr game to make feel i had to abandon a game due to lag.. there are still lots of people that are cheating causing you to have to leave the game not a big deal but when there is only 3 games to pick from and they have pings over 145 its not a good start....  the calibration for gun stocks is ok it works for that one gun so if you change from a sub to a rifle or pick up gun from downd team mate you cant soot anything until you turn off the gun stock option as you cant adjust in game so that needs work and with other games like onwards you dont need to do any of this all guns just work and work well this game is another story..  If you can join a game with a good ping or host one as my ping is 9 you can have a good smooth game and lots of fun but most of the games i joined were horrible, you also get drops in FPS with or caused buy the lag were it drops from 90fps to 72fps at first i checked my system but all other games run fine at ultra this feels bad at low settings then i got into a good game almost no lag turned everything to ultra still smooth so it the servers that are causing the game to run poor ruins the game and needs fixing..  I was forced to stop playing today the lag made me feel ill i jumped on to ONWARDS and wow butter smooth game play the gun play with vr stock just works amazing its only after playing side by side that you can see just how much work needs to go into this game BUT its also a fun game very fast paced and if they sorted out the lag or poor running of the game it would be a fantastic game...   my rig i5 4.6ghz gen7 16gb 3200 ddr5 GTX1070 8gb oc clocked up to 114% its gpu clock is higher than 1080 out the box 
Contractors to me is  hands down the best PVP shooter in VR at the moment. As someone who has played Onward and Pavlov for some time I find this to be a perfect middle ground of seriousness and fun. The graphics are awesome, miles better than Onward and Pavlov's derpy character models and bland maps. Something about this game just feels significantly superior to the rest. BUY IT, PLAY IT
I havent played a lot of FPS (since BF2) and though I've played a few variations (skyrim, quiver, even FO4), I havent gotten into the madness of FPS....  This game might just do that.   It needs some polishing.  But, so far, so good (for early access).
Contractors is a really solid game.   The map design is good with multiple roots to objectives. The objective based (data upload) game mode is pretty standard (team based capture point/king of the hill) but well executed.  The guns feel really good. I spent half an hour just doing target shooting and had to pull myself away to try the multiplayer.  The controls aren't overwhelming (it's not a sim) but the amount of gun/item interaction feels just right.  Also, the graphics are fantastic and it runs pretty well.   I really enjoy Pavlov too but if I had to pick a differentiator, this game has that visual appeal and polish that Pavlov lacks
So the game feels good.. I played a bit and so far it is my favorite in this genre.. Deff needs more content but its worth to pick it up to support them. Good game devs please add lots more at the same quality <3
Best Shooter for VR right now, Pavlov doesn't even come close.
I'd tell you, this is really solid and had a lot of potential, and despite the crash (I understand it's in early access so It's okay) really had a lot of potential. Top notch for me. But would be great if there are more firearm choice, and toggle grip (I used 2 hands to hold a pistol and somehow it kinda slipped out of place) still 10/10 for me.
Absolutely beautiful to look at and even better to play. Health is similar to a Ghost Recon game but the style is more COD. Amazing game and great PVP. A must have for VR
Absolutely wow'd by this game. I loved Onward for its realism, but I hated waiting so long to play every time I died. I loved Pavlov for its constant action, but the gunplay and damage model is.. repulsive. This is just the perfect mix, and it has so much potential. I can't wait to see them add more to this game.
I really like this game. CSGO of VR. Very tactical. Fun multiplayer with lots of guns, accurate physics. A big improvement from Pavlov VR.
Fantastic. Playing this on an Odyssey+, and it is definitely my favourite competitive shooter so far.   For now you can typically find a good game whenever you play using the server browser. Matchmaking can take a bit too long, but hopefully that situation will improve when people like YOU start playing the game. Do it.
This game has the best weapon handling available now but the maps are too big
Absolutely fun in every aspect. To me, this is the best VR multiplayer shooter available.  I would recommend to everyone who is getting into VR to own this game. The community and the devs are amazing too, which makes the game even better.  Pricepoint is perfect.
While this game isn't exactly groundbreaking, what it is --- is very fun. A smooth experience where the gunplay feels like it should and the quick respawns make for great fun for less competitive players (like myself).  I would say the biggest plus in my hour and a half that I've played has been the people I've played with. All looking to have fun. Even had a fight circle break out once where both teams made a circle. Each team sent in one 'Champion' to compete in a knife fight / hand to hand combat.  Being multiplayer focused, we need the community to keep this game alive. So... I recommend you join us!
yessss
IMO its better than pavlov.
Amazing stuff
I love this game its like C.O.D in VR but they do need to work on getting more maps and game modes and fixing the audio issue that Im dealing with.
If onward and pavlov had a baby. You can run and gun, or go tactical, it doesnt matter with this game because both styles work. Living in eastcoast canada, pings of every joinable server is 120ms or more. I have never found one (morning and night) that is normal, like 30-60ms. Its not clear to me if that means its the average ping of the plaeyrs in the server, or that number is only my ping to the server.
Fun game, many have said that it falls somewhere inbetween Pavlov and Onward in terms of style. I can certainly agree with that, although it still needs some polish. At first, I almost refunded it but once I stuck around and got the hang of it I started to enjoy it. I didn't have any issues finding players, there were a number of servers with different game types going on.
This is the game that I've been waiting for to really enjoy a FPS on VR.  Dont get me wrong, Pavlov and Onward do have something to offer, however this game to me has a MW2 feeling that I've long missed. I look forward to each time I get to play it. I just hope they add more maps since there is only a handful of maps. The dev's are great and are quick to work on patches. They are defintely headed towards a right path which is why I decided to buy and support this game. I recommend VR user to give it a go ! 
This game had me hooked from day one. The graphics are great, the gun play is excellent and the damage models/TTK is spot on. The statement that Contractors is a middle ground between Onward and Pavlov is a very good comparison. The gunstock implementation is also the best I have seen, and works with DIY gunstocks through to high end Protubes.  Single player content is lacking currently, although there is a good "staging area" where you can shoot targets against the clock and practise on multiplayer maps against bots (although the AI is somewhat lacking). Get into multiplayer though, and it’s one of the most engaging and exciting experiences I had in VR. It reminds me completely of airsofting and it’s fantastic. You can fully customise your rifle with different sight/foregrip/suppressor options (which also change the handling characteristics of the guns), change your load out with grenades/pistols depend in your play style.   Grab yourself a DIY gunstock and get into the action - you won’t regret it.
The game pauses and has an hourglass loading thing in the bottom right quite often, and i also respawn inside of my body armor, would anyone know why? Other than that, this is a great vr game.
Right not Contractors has the best feeling VR gunplay. Reloading is really smooth and the gun smoothing makes aiming really easy compared to most games. This game takes basically everything I liked about the gameplay in Pavlov and improved upon it. This should defiantly be the new standard in VR moving forward. Also, the performance is amazing for a VR game. Probably the best looking VR game in my library right now, with graphics comparable to traditional PC games.
Between this, Onward, and Pavlov, there are plenty of options for good VR shooters. Contractors stands out for some great UI, visuals, mobility, and customization. I'd even say that the gunplay feels the best of them all so far. The game is definitely in an early state, but what is already here is very promising. I'm eager to see what can be done next, and hope to see the playerbase grow. I haven't had trouble finding a match yet, but I think a lot of people would love this one.
Always been a online call of duty player...This feels like that game except better becouse i'm in the game....looking forward to new maps.
There isnt a better feeling than pulling the pin out your team mates grenade while its still on their rig...
love it, what great game.
It's a pretty good game. Mechanics are great. I really like the crouch to slide feature. Graphics are beautiful.
this is the best shooter ive played in vr. the only thing that would make this a complete game is probably a good campain with a good story, a light machine gun class and a few more maps and this would be the best game ever
Much better pacing than Onward and Pavlov with great graphics and gunplay.  Highly Recommend!
This is what VR shooters should be. Everything looks beautiful, and the controls are smooth. Feels very real when you are peeking around walls and aiming down your sights. The only cons of this game is lack of maps (which they r working on) and the number of people playing (on occasion).
All the weapons in this game feel fantastic, I have spent half my hours just in the initial targets area testing out guns and all the modifcations you can put on them, trying to get highscores and find the perfect tactical weapon combos for me. The combat feels a lot more intense then games like Pavlov, I am constantly kneeling behind cover and because there is only a limited amount of ammo you can carry you have to put more thought into how you will engage the enemy team, if you use all your ammo you can easily be overrun, employing actual tactics other than rushing is necessary to win games, the odd time your team starts communicating and coordinating to smack down the enemy things start feeling awesome.
GET IT
Think onward is too hardcore? Think Pavlov is too casual? Buy this game.
The only issues I have with this game is that the Sig P250 is missing its front sight post and on the Control Point gamemode, the maps are too big. These gamemodes would work well if the player count were increased to 20 instead of 10, or if the maps were scaled down a litte. I'd prefer the former rather than the latter since a larger player count would increase gameplay intensity. At the moment, the TDM and Gun Game modes are my favorite to play. They're on much smaller maps with quicker, more lethal firefights. As far as the front sight on the Sig, that should be an easy fix.
Just a great game. Probably the best Vr Shooter game right now. I mean just oof it's too great to describe it.
Great game I originally refunded it after a week of buying because I could never get into a game. But there seems to be more players as the weeks go on.  Pros: -Graphics are amazing you can actually see things properly compared to onward and pavlov. -You have the ability to calibrate your gun position if you use a stock which is amazing. -Game boots really fast so you can get straight to gaming. -I like you have the ability to slide which can be quite awesome in certain situations. -You can actually see people around the map with and without scopes compared to onward which is a blur(I have a 1080ti and using oculus tools to bump up the pixel rate and res)  Cons/suggestions: -Needs more players(I can understand its literally came out a month ago) -Needs more gamemodes(zomibe mode/spec ops mode, Capture flag, VIP) -Wish you can caliberate where your radio sits as its quite awkward at times. -Bigger matchs so more players per team. -Map making tool/ workshops so the community can make maps -maybe modding tools so the community can makes more things for the game. -WIsh you had the option to remove certain parts off guns like if you are using a scope you can see the iron sight at the end of the barrel which at times can be annoying. -needs a coop mode -needs a comp mode where you die you die no respawns -Would be cool if there were modes like rainbow 6 siege -needs anti cheat
Even in EA this is the most polished multiplayer shooter available. I really can't believe how smoothly it runs for how good it looks too, far better than its competition. The interaction with your weapons feels solid and not as fiddly as most other shooters. There's a decent selection of maps to start with, offering a variety of locations that manage to feel different from each other and require a change in how you approach them to be successful. All in all, this is the best available right now, even if it's currently lacking the larger player base of some of the more established titles.
The Best.
dsf
best shooter i played on VR at this time, good graphics good gameplay and the controls are easy to learn
At first I had issues with this game but once I got it working with Oculus it has turned out to be a very well polished shooter.   Things I like:  1. Realism with the weaponry. 2. Shooting range for practice and a leader board. 3. Multiple grip positions on the guns (though the pistol could use one). 4. Pretty fun games to play. 5. High quality graphics compared to most VR games of this type. 6. The feel of everything gives you a real sense that you're actually in some place holding a gun. 7. The full body look is solid (though the alignment is off at times I think, I never see that much chest looking down at myself in real life). 8. Communication doesn't require grabbing your walkie necessarily. 9. Great physics.  Things I don't like (but obviously will change by full release):  1. Not enough players. Nobody's playing when I am and when they are, it's like one or two other people briefly. Yes I know it's pre-release so I'll give it time. 2. Not enough maps. Also, "Christmas" maps? Why? It's almost February. And I don't like the house maps, too wanna be Counterstrike when this should be more like CoD.  Yeah I'm sure there will be more to come though. 3. Matchmaking isn't really making good matches right now, I'm up against people who have sold their soul to the devil for shooting skills that no actual human being could achieve. 4. Not enough info about things in general when it comes to loadout. Could use more help or tutorial training in that department. Maybe it's expected that we have prior experience from other games but I'm coming from Quake, UT, Overwatch and Team Fortress 2 here, not CoD.  So there's 9 things I do like and 4 things I don't that will change soon, that's a decent ratio.  How does this compare to Onward and Pavlov? It's simply more polished with better game modes. This game will be the standard baseline by which all future FPS games in the coming decade try to exceed.
I love this game. Mechanics flow and the fights are good once you get the hang of it. I havent played something this fun in a while. But devs have a gem here and they are not doing everything they can to really take this the next level. Where are the leaderboards, where are the maps, where is the avatar customization, where are the weapon personalizations. While this game is fun alone, it needs more content. In the waiting range, there are buttons that allow zombies to populate. How about a mode to fight off hordes or hunting. A more guns or bows. Love it but dont wait to long to add material or youll lose fans. I mean the christmas map is still on it. Great map but goes to show that the team is being lazy.
Incredible experience.  I try to get at least a couple of matches in each evening.
I will give this game a recommendation because it is made well, but for the love of everything in this world, PLEASE developer revert left-handed movement controls back to their proper controller. I can hardly play this game because, when mapped to left handed, movement changes to the right hand while turning to the left. This goes against decades of muscle memory in video games. When a left handed person selects their dominant hand, they mean for holding the gun, NOT for changing the movement scheme. Thank you.
Make sure to calibrate your floor in WMR. Once that is set correctly this game is one of the better VR FPS out there.
I have played almost all the VR shooters out there over the past couple of years. I can say hands down this is one of the best! If you are using a stock it allows you to customize each gun position (height and tilt)....it makes a huge difference. The graphics are really good as well. It could use more maps but I am sure they will eventually come out with more. If your considering buying this just do it....its well worth it at $20!
 Okay, I've been playing FPS multiplayer games since Doom I.  This is THE VR multiplayer FPS to get, if you are only getting one.  I own this, Pavlov, and Onward, and this one has:  - the best graphics - the best loadout UI - the best gunplay - the best maps - the best hit detection  Of course, these things are subjective, but Onward and Pavlov's maps are definitely smaller.  Also, I don't know what they did differently, but it is much easier to see and target enemies in this game than it is in Onward-- they just stand out better.    Accessing gear on your vest, performing reloads, throwing grenades-- everything feels smooth and natural, which really helps you focus on the strategy of the game, and the immersiveness.  I just couldn't get there with the other VR FPS games, but Contractors fits me like an old familiar glove.
Okay, i'll just start by saying i NEVER write comments, but his one deserves it.  The game as A LOT of opportunities, if the devs play it right, this game might be the next FPS experience.  The weapons feels right, the recoil, the hits it take to actual kill someone is well balanced.   The map are fun and i hope the workshop will be available so i can do some too, i would love to do maps for this game, plus, it will remove some job for the devs so they can focus on other things !   i hope they had more weapons and attachements for them, i also would like 10vs10 game mode  !  the thing i feared most was the number of player and i've been surprised, there is always players   keep it up guys, i'm really enjoying this game
I LOVE IT just with i could use the joystick insteack of touchpad for movement and camera
Best VR Shooter I've Played!!   I'll start with the fact that my VR shooter expierence is limited. With that being said just over a hour in i feel the need to write this early review. This game to me nails the fun factor of a VR shooter that i never got from the likes of Arizona Sunshine, or more closely resembled Onward. Both of those other games are ok and all, but Contractors has takin things a step farther and really nailed the gun physics. The guns feel powerful in your hands. Its also the first game thats made me wanna invest the money in a gun stock, which i will be doing. Also from what i see the Devs are pretty dang active. They just rolled out a new patch this month and the small but growing community is embracing it. Just a few other notables the game has a training area where you can do drills and practice your aiming, or you can play offline against bots to get a feel for the maps before heading online. The graphics are crisp, the movements are smooth. I will recommend you have a wireless headset or suspended cables as moving is much easier just rotating 360 degrees, instead of the snap turn. Like i stated my VR shooter expierence is limited, but i feel this is a must own for any VR shooter enthusiast. Cant compare it to Pavlov as i havent played that. But i much prefer this over Onward, and for 20 bucks i feel thats a more than fair price for what your getting, and whats coming down the pipe!!
Good game, kinda feels like Onward but with Zero caliber gunplay. Would like a way to host a PvE match with a party
 Im not usually one to write reviews but I feel this game really deserves some hype. Simply put, this game is AMAZING. This is hands down the best/most polished VR FPS out there. Better than Pavlov and Onward. First off, the game's graphics are the best I've seen in any vr shooter. The gameplay is as smooth as VR gets and the extra little mechanics such as sliding and knife throwing give this game a unique flavor. My best advice for new players is to communicate. This game gets so much better when you communicate. If you enjoy FPS games Contractors is a must have, no question.
Love it so far!
Just my two cents on the game,  The mechanics in the game are really well done, you can tell the devs put a lot of thought into how the weapons feel and how many bullets it takes to kill, only set of weapons i haven't tried much of is the shotguns but the rifles/carbines, smgs and sniper rifles all feel fantastic. Game modes are great and the maps we have so far are good, personally i prefer the more cqc orientated maps like downtown and factory.  however, i feel like the biggest issue i've seen in this game is the lack of players in games, when transversing the larger maps it takes a long time before you may encounter someone, and with the quick time to kill this game has you find if you're not playing your best in that sessions you spend most of your time running to where the action is, the maps are big considering its just a 5v5, and considering you're in VR too, it feel like you're spending over half the match just looking for people to shoot.  I'm hopeful though, hopefully more maps come out, maybe some community created ones, maybe more controls that allow players themselves create games or even create private games (Pavlov currently does all this and does it well) and maybe adding more modes that allow more players, 5v5 is just too small i feel.  Just my opinion though, the game is very much worth looking out for, its a great game with great mechanics!
My favorite shooter in VR so far. Better than Pavlov, but no TTT lol. I'll try to provide more feedback once I have more hours, but I wanted to go ahead and put in a positive review and recommendation. The game is good, Devs seem active, and there's enough people playing for me to say it's worth the asking price.
Love this game!
I unfortunately had to return this because i could not get this to run very well at all no matter what settings, but I want to say this is a really good multiplayer shooter. It's important to note that this is multiplayer only. I was happy with the quality of the product and the handling of controls, though guns are not as intuitive as say H3VR (IMO best vr game of all time to date).  I have an I5-4460 , 8 gigs ram, and a nvidia 1060 gtx so i'm a little behind cpu wise, but i can play most games with low-middle settings. This game does not run very well at all atm. It's not their fault it ran poorly, it's mine.  So, i'd like to recommend this and i'll be coming back to this once i improve my rig, and will purchase this again. If you like pavlov VR you'll like this game even better.
Ok so I kinda stopped playing Pavlov when I started to play this game and got addicted to it. Here is why:  - This game looks and feels more modern, kinda like the visual oversaturated style of battlefield, so it just feels very polished and looks immersive - The playerbase right now is just nice, I haven't had that much teamplay and communication in any other game before! -I especially love the sliding feature! It's just so much fun how the whole game allows for epic movie-like action scenes where you slide in a room shooting multiple enemies that I just don't have in other games at all. Since it requires physicle movement, it is not overused, so people don't expect you to do it. - I really love some weapons like the Kriss Vector or the M16, because they just feel right, so I use them no matter if it makes sense or not. The Vector in CQB is just so much fun. - each item has a weight and cost so you have to carefully choose what to equip - shooting through holes in a wall or blindly over a wall is like one of the best features ever because it changes the gameplay in a very positive way for VR. At least one map works really good for that. -I enjoy the reverb audio that you have on some maps like warehouse which makes it my favorite map because it feels more immersive and lifelike. Just gives me chills somehow.  Huge issues: - If I only see the legs of a player, I can't tell he is an enemy. The game won't even bother to show me the team-label if his head is not visible but almost his full body is - The labels above a player are shown too late so that friendly fire is a huge issue. I don't even get why they need to fade in slowly when I see a player. The label should be fully visible in the first frame where I see at least one pixel of a player from my team.  - There are often enemy-labels floating around in one position when there is no enemy present, I assume this is because the player is dead and hasn't respawned yet, but this shouldn't happen because it is causing teamkills because people are confused by it - I get spawned at the same site of a map every time I play. I have 12h of playtime and I never saw the other side. Hence, since some maps feel really unbalanced, it would be nice if the spawn site would switch in the middle of the game.  - If I pick up a weapon from the ground, the mag-refill-station will not give me mags for it, which makes picking up other weapons kinda useless - there is no benefit in reducing your weight by dropping your guns that you have equiped, but it should be like that. If I want to go knife only by dropping everything I have, the game should allow me to walk faster IMO - I have huge issues to get any mag in a pistol with my vive controllers because the controller is too big so if I want to put in a new mag, my mag-controller will just hit against my gun-controller and it will just simply not work how the game is intended. This could be solved easily by setting the trigger lower at which the mag will slide in itself or by changing the gun / mag position at which it attaches to the controller  - The game is drawing strange black circles on my monitor which hurt any game recording, the same circles are visible in my headset   An idea that's maybe a good one - In every FPS whatsoever, I can't stop thinking about why it isn't an option to permanently set your enemy team to the same appearence (style-wise), no matter how they see themselves. It is already well know that brown symbolises the enemy team and blue or black the own team (or vise versa, I don't really care, as long as it is the same in every round), so it would be nice to recognize an enemy player just by his uniform (black clothes for enemy players for example). Since the appearance of a uniform for an enemy player could be locally the same for all players because a game allows stuff like that, this would solve the missing balance made by different clothes that are easier or harder to spot on a map. This would solve two issues: Improper balance by different uniform colors that are harder/easier to spot in an environment and less friendly fire because I can spot an enemy just by the clothes he is wearing. (This issue is especially big in Onward that switches the team clothes/appearance in the middle of the round, which is why I stopped playing Onward, because of how hard it is to tell if someone is an enemy or not, because in one minute you have to shoot the black players and in the next minute you have to should the brown players and so on, but you only have a split second to decide whether to shoot or not. But also in this game it can be an issue if you get too much used to your enemys clothes style and then it switches next round). Tl;dr: This _could_ be the first game which does it right  Some stuff that needs improvement: -I have a vive pro and the input lag for my controllers was (12/2018) huge. I can't tell if this is still an issue or not, because I got used to it by then, but there was no other game having this issue before. I believe it got fixed but I can't say for sure -The game talks about body tracking but doesn't allow for a hip tracker to be used. I have 3 steam trackers so I'd love to use at least one for my hip, because grabbing a mag when laying on the ground is ofter impossible due to false body tracking. 3 Trackers for full body would be even better. - you often can't properly change the team. If I click it, nothing happens, exept that I respawn. I believe the game maybe wants to keep itelf balanced which would be a good thing but I had situations where all the good players from the enemy team left so they where in a really bad situation, I wanted to switch over to balance it back, but because their team had such a high score it just wouldn't let me switch. Even then, it should tell me why it doesn't allow me to switch instead of killing me. Balance should be made by how good players are, not how the team score is - Since the team switch isn't working properly, I can't really play with the people I want to play with, for example if I realise that the enemy team speaks my language while my own team doesn't - the auto-match doesn't put me in a servers that is already online and has a spot empty for me to use, so I can only go over the server browser if I don't want to wait forever - the christmas warehouse was my favorite map and I wouldn't mind using it further but it got replaced by the normal warehouse map which is kinda sad IMO. They could've just let it in the game as another option. - both christmas maps where my favorite ones because they are small and allow me to have more action and teamplay. The game really could have more small maps and to use a part of an existing maps but set boarders around an area would be a really great way to get a 'new map' without much work - the large maps feel more like a walking simulator. I dislike walking that much before I can shoot, plus that I have to wait 20 seconds for respawn, so maybe a fun-mode where the game spawns you closer to the action and has no respawn would be a nice option.  - the gungame mod as team-deathmatch makes more sense IMO. It is currently set as a team deathmatch. Both is nice, but this game currently only allows gungame in team deathmatch and has no deathmatch at all. Maybe it should be an option when creating a server to choose between deathmatch and team deathmatch - I wish I could choose two primary weapons instead of everything else. I'd love to have an M16 and a Kriss Vektor. - Picking up another primary weapon does not change my walking speed noticeable - I can't pick up a gun and put it on my back which I'd love to do sometimes - The game doesn't reconnect my audio and mic input if my headset reconnects - After each spawn, my gear is usually floating towards for a second which looks strange - I need to press and hold a knife in my hand   TL;DR: Love this game, fully recommended, best FPS VR at the moment for me, I hope the Devs read this and can improve it even more
This game is refreshingly polished for being so new. Really looking forward to more maps and slightly more optimization. Have seen little tiny lag spikes even with 30-50 ping, the reverb in one of the maps (Warehouse) on the voice chat made it very hard to understand my team. Other than those two complaints this game shows a whole lotta promise. Contractors developers, keep up the good work!
So far this game has been some of the most fun I've had in a pvp vr game, pavlov was fun but I just don't enjoy it as much as I do Contractors. I feel like the gun play is better and not having infinite ammo makes things a lot more interesting. Overall really enjoying the game so far!
Amazing game, better than onward and Pavlov by far. Can't help but feel it needs a levelling system, or something that you can work towards by playing.
If you have pavlov and want an upgrade this is the prfect game to do so the first time i played i had been playing far 82m which felt like 20m   LOVE THIS GAME!!!
very good :)
Love this game, would pick this over pavlov anytime. Game runs really well on my 1060 6gb and i5 4460  (Would like vaulting and the ability to create a private match with your mates)
Great VR experience with good team mates.
===[ ❤ Audience: ]===  ☐ Kids ☐ Everyone ☑ Casual players ☑ Pro players  ===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===  ☐ Potato ☐ Really bad ☐ Bad ☐ OK ☑ Good  ☑ Beautiful  ☐ Masterpiece  ===[ $ Price/quality: ]===  ☑ Full price ☐ Wait for sale ☐ Average ☐ Refund it if you can ☐ Don't do it  ===[ ☣ Requirments: ]===  ☐ 90' PC ☐ Minimum ☐ Medium  ☑ Fast ☑ High end  ☐ NASA computer  ===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===  ☐ You just need 2 arms  ☐ Ez ☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master  ☐ Hard (first few hours) ☐ Dark Souls   ===[ ۞ Game time/length ]===  ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours) ☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours) ☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours) ☐ Long ( 12+ hours) ☑ Endless  ===[ ♬ Story] ===  ☑ It doesn't have ☐ Still better than Twilight ☐ Average ☐ Good ☐ Fantastic  ===[ § Bugs ]===  ☐ Game itself is one big BUG ☐ Bugs destroying the game ☐ Lot of bugs ☑ Few Bugs ☐ You can use them for speedrun ☐ Nothing  ===[ ✦ Others: ]===  Multiplayer: Yes Singleplayer: No Graphics depend on your hardware, this game is optimized better than a lot of games so most computers that can handle VR should be able to play it.
game is good fun and graphics are polished.  Would love the abililty to climb over walls and in and out of windows like in stand out battle royal.
Fun Game.  Guns feel natural.  Running bugs out sometimes, but thats about it. 8/10
Best game of the year. Onward and Pavlov VR need to step their game up because this game is awesome. You got everything right. $19.99 is to low . I will pay you guys $39.99 for this game. Anyways...  Pro: 1) You could see your body! 2) The tracking is awesome on my Oculus Rift.  3) The guns scale is correct just like my real guns. 4) Big Levels! 5) Game mode is fun. I like Gun Game.  6) It runs beautiful on my system and the animation is great.  7) Graphic is nice. 8) Gameplay is amazing. Everyone seem to work as team.  9) It just awesome. The game does feel like a semi sim/acrade style(I will like the game to be more sim).    Con:  1) You need animation on your hands.  2) The hand seem to big. It feels weird.  3) Your logo is cheesy. 4) You guys need music for your intro and loading screen.  5) When you remove the pin from the grenade. You need sound on that.  6) Remove the christmas tree. If you are close to the object. You frame rate drops like crazy.  7) Oculus home  button doesn't work sometime. Sometime,  You need to close Oculus because the game freezes on me.  8) The Kriss Vector is pain in the butt to aim. I lose tracking and the placement is wrong when you aim.  
If you like a consistant fast pace pvp shooter this is the one for you.
Awesome game so far, I think i'm going to stick around for the long haul for this one.    The game play is smooth, the weapons work very well. No people glitching through walls and shit. The only problem I have is that the maps are a bit too big and not enough people per team, I'd like more maps where you would actually use different weapons other than an AR. Everything else just seems pointless to have. Also it'd be nice if there were more actions like Being able to point to a position and it show on the other players screens where your pointing as a marker or something. That way people will do more than just hold the stocks of their guns ADSing around every corner.   You guys really need a subreddit.
Spend some time on the range first cause headclicks matter in this one.  Also, per gun gun-stock configuration is a must for all VR shooters to come. I never knew just how badly I needed this before Contractors.
This game is fantastic, so much better than pavlov, onward, and zero caliber.
If you have motion sickness issues in a game, avoid Contractors.   I found the movement to be difficult to adjust to. The training tutorial is best guess how the game works. There is no narrator to help guide you through the functions and uses of the components.  I believe there will be struggling point at the beginning for new players to this game. However, after mastering the functionality, a player could dominate.   I'm still willing to give this game a chance, especially for entry fee of $20 is worth it.
I wasn't expecting this.  This game has solid mechanics and people playing it.  It gets the tracking and weapon mechanics just right.  It runs at a solid framerate, and has all the basic content INCLUDING bots for trying stuff out.  The map selection is a little bare bones, but with an SDK and some love this will be right up there with Onward and Pavlov.  This game fits squarely between Pavlov's CSGO inspired mechanics and Onwards brutal realism.  10/10.  Spent 2 hours just on the in-game range goofing off with the target practice mode.  People online are friendly, and not screaming obscentities.  
The 3 things that break this game.   1. Semi Automatic Shotgun (2 shots to the body from 10 feet = 50 damage in total) (1 shot headshot point blank range = 70 damage total) Neither were wearing helmets. Only Balaclavas But somehow the Pump action shotgun 1 shot bodyshot kills from 10 feet... I see no logic in this setup. They're both .12 gauge with almost the same exact length barrels. The only difference is that one is pump action and one is semi automatic. Who thought this was a good idea? Are you gonna nerf all semi automatic shotguns in real life for being too overpowered next?  2.The glitch where you get stuck with one gun for the rest of the gun game round.   3. The spawns in the data capture gamemode are so broken it's basically a spawn killing fest on some maps.  This game is amazing but those 3 things really piss me off.  Dank shit: vvvvvvvvv Sliding mechanic Guns feel solid Memes around the corner Akiimbo glock 22s Akiimbo Mac-10s with suppressors Knife throwing is realistic. It has momentum. Knife gets stuck on walls and people. If you get a knife stuck on the ceiling or wall above your reach good luck homeboy I played hide and seek when I lost my knife in a 1v2 gun game. One of them quit, one found me a minute after, I ran up behind him and shanked them to narnia. Overall Dank/10 experience honestly.
This game impressed me. Better than Onward or Pavlov in so many aspects, but in terms of POTENTIAL no game can beat this. This could be the best VR shooter game (or saga!) if they play the right cards. The run and slide feature is best feeling ever.  Game needs some fixes but they are constantly working on it, also expanding its content. A must have. Get it! NOWW!!!!
An FPS like this was sorely needed. For the people who find Onward to be too slow and Pavlov to be too fast, Contractors fills the void. In a sense, it's the VR equivalent to Insurgency.   [b] Pros: [/b]  [list]     [*]Contractors has full body IK -- a feature most VR games lack.      [*]Weapon handling is well thought out and intuitive in ways it isn't in other, similar games.     [*]The core game mode, a King of the Hill derivative, is fun.     [*]The developers seem to have spent a lot time playing VRFPS, as is evident in many of the design choices. In some ways, like with the IK, weapon handling, and UI, it feels like it's a "second generation" VRFPS.      [*]Overall decent map design.      [*]Visually, it's a bit beyond other VRFPS titles while lagging behind modern pancake shooters (with the exception of PUBG). [/list]  [b] Cons: [/b]  [list]     [*]It's not very well optimized and seems to be CPU bound. The IK is likely the culprit. There's a fair amount of reprojection on my i7 6600k / 1070 no matter what graphics settings I use.      [*]Maps are hit or miss in terms of design. The urban map looks terrible whereas Wild Lands and Cable look fine.      [*]This is a personal preference, but I find the character design and animations to be quite cartoony and the graphics are too bright and colourful.  [/list]  Overall, Contractors VR is a very solid shooter that should improve as time goes on. I believe it's going to be a staple VRFPS for me, much like Onward and Pavlov.
Great to see what a FPS can become in VR. Yes it's a little tricky getting the hang of the weapon inventory system, some of the controls feel inconsistent, but whatever. It's hours of fun, especially in multiplayer and the IK system works most of the time and the game is still in development.  So far so good.
So far it's been a blast! Great graphics (made me a little motion sick at first but I took breaks and can now do longer sessions.) Community is mostly positive so far. Can't wait for new maps and modes. Would LOVE a Free For All mode.
ok this is good but there is are few problems.. to start with the motion options is a bit lacking and as it stands gave me a bit of motion sickness (wiche is not normal for me...) but it was not a lot but it was there...  beside that it is relly good.. the combat feels good, the loadout systems feels good... the ui can better but it is useable, the wepon handle is good not as good as in h3vr but still its ok..  all in all if you like fps and mutiplayer comp thing then yeah buy this game and start by getting shot 20 times in the head by you buddy :-) its worth rigth now :-)
Graphics are awesome but as of the time of this review there are only a handful of maps. Guns look and feel pretty realistic.  The description says there is a single player component but it's just multiplayer with bots. In the lobby you can spawn zombies, it would be nice to see a game mode with a narrative that plays like an actual single player game!   Looking forward to new content but as of now I feel like I've seen all there is to see after just a few hours. You may want to wait before paying full price for this one.
AMD FX-9590 8 core 16 GB RAM GTX 1080  This is a great game and one of the cleanest, smoothest running and detailed oriented VR games I've played! My ideas for future patches would be... Add the ability to jump Add driveable vehicles Add destructables Add interactives (doors open, turn things on/off) Add avatar reflections
Best VR game right now. The best graphics of any VR shooter out at the moment. The most customizable VR shooter right now. It's the perfect mix between Onward and Pavlov, the two big dogs of VR shooters. This game is by far the best $20 i've spent in a long time, and it's one of the only VR games I don't mind playing for hours, along with Beat Saber. I played this for 4 hours just today. I love it way too much.
This is an awesome shooter. The guns/time to kill feel great. It looks really nice, and runs well (I have a 1050ti). It could use a bigger player base, I've never had a problem finding a game with enough players though. I like it more than Pavlov.
Can’t get enough of this game. Graphics are top notch, but the feel and weight of the guns, sound is great.
This game is really great. It is in early access and it is already more mature then all the other VR FPS on the market. I am really impressed. The graphics are absolutely great and the gameplay is very (and I mean very) smooth. I am playing with everything maxed out to ULTRA and it is still super smooth. The physics are stunning and the gameplay too.  Huge selection of weapons and guns and gears. Only 4 maps but hey they just started few weeks ago. Every day more and more people are joining the online servers and it is very cool playing it.  The only one remark I could find is that when another player sprints in front of you the animation is a little buggy (kind of ghosting effect). I strongly suggest this game :) WELL DONE DEVS !
Best vr shooter yet! Devs are very active and in touch with the community, and the game is being constantly improved with a deep roadmap for the future. A bit CPU intensive though.
10/10 recommend this to anyone that likes VR FPS games easily the best one out there.  I've put 20 hours into this game now within 3 days of playing and its still really fun and some of the people you play with are really nice and help you learn the game, i really thought i wouldnt get into a VR FPS game as ive played pavlov and onward but didnt really get into them much but this one got me hooked. Feels smooth, nice gun play and maps, It really does need alot more maps and possibly a workshop though but overall very enjoyable game to play
probably the best vr game so far, thank you.   i thought i wasted my money ,, with purchase of headset. this will be my go to for many days to come.. please oh please keep up the good work.
Has become my top VR FPS.  Overtook Pavlov, Onward and BAM.  Simply amazing.  Gun models are great, gameplay is awesome.  Perfomance and graphics superb.  This came out about the same time as zero caliber, and I returned 0 cal, it doesnt even come close.
Really liking this one. Alot of potential with such the advanced handling. Though, would like to see more of a PVE element to this as PVP isn't always my cup of joe. Can still go up against AI, but really no CO-OP element. Still by far much better then Onward in terms of graphics imo. Though I can't compare this to Zero Caliber as much as I simply don't own it to form my own opinion.   As it stands, if more player base comes around, and maybe implement more then 5v5, I can really see this picking up.
I really enjoy playing this game. Sounds, maps, graphics, and controls are very good and optimized. I haven't had any trouble getting into matches. I do think they need more incentive to keep playing, like a rank system and/or some unlocks for gear, loadouts, or max points for loadouts. I am not sure what the points you earn in battle even go toward. You get points for killing but not for the objectives. Could use some more work on modes and points earned and something to use them on. But I do recommend this game and hopfully they continue to add to the game and give players a reason to keep coming back aside from just the fun of playing.
This is honestly a must buy, there's a party system for you and your friends (unlike pavlov and onward) I highly reccommend this to anyone who wants smooth and easy to learn vr pvp shooter go on and enjoy it!! (was in the nylex and meLikeBigBoom Video)
Still early but this plays very well so far. They just updated with new maps so good to see that
good game i just have one problem when i run a black border comes around my screen can i turn it off in the settings or not? 
This is what VR is meant for! I'm hooked on this game!  This is the perfect middleground between Pavlov and Onward... This is the shooter to get! With the release of the "for-a-limited-time" maps this just got even better... Two new small maps with insane CQB action... I really hope we get to keep them along with the "gun game" mode...  The developers have put some smart things in the settings... The option to switch the eye that gets mirrored to your screen so your ADS will look right when recording/streaming and best of all is the option to calibrate every single gun in the game to your gunstock so you dont have to adjust it every time you switch weapon... This is really a must if playing gungame mode...  The only reason NOT to get this is if you got stuff to get done IRL because I can't stop playing...
Get on it !!
Favorite VR Shooter! while the game is new and still in rough stages i cant wait to see what new stuff they put out! the game looks amazing and runs well. all the different customization options for classes and all the firefights and team work gives you time to mess with the guns and attachments to see what you like and learn to work with other team mates to take objectives and win games!
This game is one of the best FPS games i have played by far,   it has great weapon customisation and Gun machinics with a great community  Cannot reccomend this game enough! 10/10
Hard to beleive this game just went into early access this month. The game feels very polished, the gun play feels excellent and there are a good variety of maps. Game feels like a good blend between onward and pavlov. The main game mode is basically king of the hill, which is honestly allot of fun as it forces you to fight across the fairly large maps on offer. You can customise different loadouts to your liking with plenty of weapons and gadgets to fit your playstyle.Plenty of folks to play with as well no mater what time of day. Over all its definitly worth it and i cant wait to see what the devs add in the future.
Wow.....this is a fun, well polished FPS!  Can’t wait to play more!
What really makes this game stand out from the rest like pavlov or onward is the handling of weapons and equipment and the  stock calibration of every single rifle. You can calibrate exactly how you want to hold the weapon with both of the hands.  The community is active and there is also bots and customization.
Best vr fps for pvp
This game is, by far, the most polished and graphically detailed shooter available yet on VR. It has fantastic gunplay, amazing sound design, interesting and diverse maps, and a great community! The loadout customization and weapon interactivity is also unmatched in VR.
Buy it.   Coming from someone that has dabbled in every VR shooter out there.   Runs great!  Controls and mechanics play out like every other game as in reloading and item managment.   Looks and runs great!!!!! The way the graphics are using a scope is actually viable in PVP.  There is 0 reasons why you shouldnt buy this game.    I unisntalled Onward and Pavlov
Gun control is pretty good, although pistols are really wonky for me, as I always seem to shoot to the right when I think I'm spot on, and you should really turn off weapon smoothing if you don't do a lot of sniping. There are quite a few guns to choose from and you can deck them out with whatever points your loadout affords you. (Pro-tip: your weapon mods carry over to gun game, so mod everything in the loadout menu even if you don't think you'll use it) It runs well with great graphics for a VR game. Maps are interesting and generally balanced, though there's one forest map that's HUGE and seems to spawn one team vastly closer to the objectives, while the other team gets a 200m sprint. Main menu is a warehouse (THE Warehouse level actually) where you can set up loadouts, change settings, find a game, and test yourself in pop-up target challenges with online leaderboards.
Takes the best bits of Onward and Pavlov and mixes em up nicely with a few new features. Best multiplayer VR shooter so far
What a fantastic VR Shooter! Only played 3 matches and I already find it much more fun and complete than Pavlov and Onward.   Skip your meal and buy this game if you even love VR Shooters!
Best VR shooter I've played. It doesn't feel as clunky or empty as Pavlov and the guns feel better to shoot than ZCVR. This is the first shooter in VR that made me want to buy a Vive Pro and a gun stock.   Updates regularly from a very active dev, and a community that isn't as toxic as you'd expect. In fact there are plenty of friendly people.
Best VR shooter to date. No joke this is where its at. Best graphics to date in a shooter and on par with Robo Recall graphics. It plays a lot like Ghost Recon Future Soldier. Same strategy so I settled into this game real nice. I havent played another VR game since this game came out. Caveman Studios created a winner and I hope the future builds off of their success because the VR future looks very very promising with games like these dropping. Those leaving negative reviews on this game are complaining like this game isnt in Early Access. You cannot expect all features out of the gate. Get real guys. On another note I have made more Steam friends playing this game than all other VR games combined over the past year. Communication is key to winning as well as strategy.  EDIT 1/1/19 Devs added 2 new small scale Christmas themed maps last week and 2 new modes of play TDM and Gun Game. They are a blast to play!
MUST HAVE! I know I only have a bit over an hour and a half on this game but read some of the reviews. This game is seriously fun! The weapon handling is fantastic and on many guns you have a CHOICE between gripping the rail or mag. (Rail grip ftw!) Theres not really much else to say, suppressors sound great, so does unsuppressed, the textures are really good and theres plenty of customization!  Although the shooting mechanics confuse me a little. the game wants a full trigger reset befor firing again. this may just be a personal annoyance as I happen to shoot guns IRL a lot but I wish they would fix it so the guns will fire again upon the triggers reset. I should note I am on Vive and it may be different for Oculus.
I only recently picked this game up and have around 4 hours playtime in it so far, so my review possibly isn't going to be as accurate as others may be.  As many have already stated, the game is as though Onward and Pavlov mated and had a baby. It employs nicely sized maps (some find them too big but for me they are fine, and if the player count increases from 5v5 they could really do with being bigger IMHO), along with Onward style gunplay but with the respawn upon death as per Pavlov. It's a good mix as firefights have tension, and when you die you are not punished by having to wait for several minuites for the round to end.  However, and I suspect that as the game is in early access more will come, the only present game mode currently is a "king of the hill" style capture and hold. I personally enjoy this game mode as it makes the game flow around a central point, rather than having to aimlessly wander around the map for an eternity trying to find someone to shoot at.  I find the graphics to be reasonable with Wildlands being particulary good. On the whole, not outstanding (particulary the urban map where building interiors are rather bland), but not bad on the eyes and perfectly serviceable. I find the framerate on a 6700k with 32GB Ram and a 1080 GTX absolutely acceptable with no problems at all on my end.  Being able to calibrate the gunstock for each individual weapon is a godsend. I do have problems with sniper rifles and stocks as both Pavlov and Onward set the rifles position with regard to scopes too far forward for my eyes, which means I have poor eye relief and therefore can't obtain a decent sight picture. The calibration enables you to position the rifle closer to your eyes to enable a more comfortable and accurate grip for the user, and enables the user to set the weapon of their choice in a way as such to enable a clear sight picture. The only other game that enables you to do anything similar was Fallout 4 using Open VR Emulator, and it was a much more complicated process than this. Kudos indeed, the calibration option is genius.  The weapon grip points are very good. Being able to grip a rifle by either the foregrip or the magazine well is pretty nifty and a fine idea well implemented.  I have noticed a couple of issues regarding weapons. The M1911 is comically under scale, it's only around two thirds of the size that it should be and looks like a toy pellet gun in your hand. The FN FAL and G3 which in reality are comparable to each other in performance and range are not equally priced in the loadout screen. Both do the same amount of damage and hold the same amount of ammuntion, yet the G3 costs more points to equip which pretty much makes it redundant. They should cost the same, why bother to pick the G3 when you can pick the statistically identical FAL and save some loadout points for some extra gear. Also, and this isn't really the dev's fault as they have tried to include a good variety of hardware, but most of the weapons in the game are regurgitated assests from other games. The MK18 for example, also exists in Pavlov, Bullets and More, and Onward. Most of the other weapon assets also appear in at least one other of these games, and it would be nice to be able to use weapon models that we haven't already used in other games before.  Also, a minor quibble is the lack of working bolt releases on assault rifles (although the activation point marker does appear in the right spot on the weapon models so I guess this is awaiting implementation).  Otherwise I'd certainly recommend this game in its current state at this price (£15 for this amount of entertainment is a good deal), and I look forward to seeing where the dev goes with it. Hopefully larger teams than 5v5 and some new maps in the future are on the cards (please don't reduce the map size!).
What a great game already, the controls are very easy to get used to and work well, Online is good always somone to play with, I cant wait to see what the updates bring. Top Game
This is the most fun VR FPS currently available.  Cant wait to see it develop.
(played using Samsung Odyssey+ HMD)  the game itself is amazing. Well polished and cohesive shooting, Movement feels great, and the maps are fun to play on.   The only serious problem I have with the game are the immense amount of visual glitches. There will be lines and splashes of colour in my peripheral vision on the sides, top, and bottom. It makes it so much more difficult to play, and the only way to fix it is to exit out of the game. The problem with this, however, is that soon after you enter the match, they start appearing again. I have really only found two of them as of yet, which are:  -white or black lines on the left side of the right lens  -Red and orange blotches on the top middle of the screen  these glitches do not go away at the start of a new match or even when you enter the main menu area. It seems to be a major problem, and many other people i have played with have experienced this issue.  However, it doesn't seem to be a problem with Vive or Oculus users, which would suggest that this issue only appears with  users of Windows MIxed Reality headsets.  This is now one of my favorite VR games, but with the abundance of visual bugs and how common they are, It makes it impossible to play the game properly.  This is a serious problem, and needs to be fixed immediately.
Outstanding game, honestly.  I am a huge VR fan and a fellow VR developer and I generally consider most VR games to be worthless or tech demos at this point.  The technology is quickly maturing but more important, so are the devs!  This is a great example of how a game can be WELL executed on current gen hardware.  Not only are the graphics quite good but in addition to that I can say the following:  -Guns feel great and realistic, they are not bouncy or overpowered. -Damage levels are perfect, no bullet sponges but no one shot deaths either (except headshots!) -Maps are well laid out and compliment VR gameplay, cover points feel natural -The control system is VERY good but you need to adjust, do not get frustrated or dislike it, simply embrace it.  Once you get the hang of it (took me 30 mins, tops)... it's great.    This is the first VR shooter where I actually feel like I have a team, coordination matters and I can run, slide and pull my gun up to shoulder length to corner in a second.  Very well done dynamics all around.  There are indeed some issues and that is to be expected but this feels much more like a final beta than it does an Early Access Game.  The game really needs additional content in the form of maps and game modes, that is the biggest gripe.  That being said, I picked it up and couldn't put it down for 2 hours straight.  All the players are friendly, everyone is downright chill and there are actually people playing.  I logged in at 11PM on a weeknight... jumped right into a match, it was only 3v3 for a minute but did fill up afer that.  Unlike other VR multiplayer games I have yet to find a moment where there is nobody online.  I paid $20 for this game and thought that was a great and fair price for the current state.  I hope the devs read this and focus on some more content, this game easily could become the most popular VR shooter.  It does just about everything right in the multiplayer realm.   Side note: I hate super realistic FPS games as a general rule but this is the perfect balance.  Weapons are realistic and fun, you actually feel like you are in a firefight and it's pretty exhilerating to be honest.  You'll find yourself ducking, back to the wall and peeking around corners down your ironsights to fire.  My last 10 minutes of gameplay consister of running half way across a coordinar while a teammate (random, we were not friends) supressed two incoming enemies, I slide behind a pillar (shots whistling past me) and mid way grabbed a grenade off my belt.  Bad throw (part me, part the game still needs to work on grenade dynamics).... it bounces back, we both run out of the way covering each other... one enemy runs right onto it, I duck behind a vehicle and take popshots.... my friendly calls out to me on the radio the position of the guy (he is exposed to his viewpoint) and we take him down.  We still lost the round but I took off my headset expecting to see ricochets coming off my desk.... so yes, this game is worth picking up.   Performance: Game runs great on decent hardware and even well on low end hardware.  I have everything set to ultra and my video card is only a GTX 970 / Processor Ryzen 7, 1700 (slight OC).  Never experienced any real loading time nor a single hickup or stutter in game play, even in fast combat with lots of effects.    Motion Sickness: Null, none.  I am pretty resistent but do get some motion sickness after long periods, did not experience any in this game even with free movement, the game handles this very well.
Beautiful VR FPS Multiplayer game, and a must buy for CoD, CSGO, Insurgency fans.  PROS - Beautiful graphics, better than most of VR FPS games out there. Maybe on par with Zero Caliber VR - Balanced gameplay between MilSim (Onward) and Arcade (Pavlov). You can respawn unlike Onward. And you can have more customization than Pavlov. - Good multiplayer Map with mixed elements such as, Building, basement, hills, cave, river, industrial, etc. Better than Onward and Pavlov. - Have Bots for those who prefer playing alone - Very easy to get into a multiplayer session. - Great VR controls & presentation (locomotion, you can see your hand, etc)  CONS - I'm playing from Indonesia / ASIA, and i think they don't have dedicated server for Asia, so expect high latency for Non US player (215ms or more) - Limited weapon selection - Limited multiplayer mode and settings. I was hoping the dev could add something like hardcore mode where you can one shot kill like insurgency. Adds more realism and adrenaline to it. - 10 players max - 5v5. I hope Dev could add more players and add a Push mode like in Battlefield franchise  @Devs Keep up the good work. I'm very happy with my purchase
Good Fun! I like the respawn feature like most FPS "should" have.  Like many other reviewers have stated this is a good combo between Onward and Pavlov. The fullbody IK can get out of sync and if this happens I usually just turn off "Vest visibility" which helps. Overall the experience just feels more polished and just the right amount of pace especially with respawns during the match (Onward makes you sit out the entire match)  BTW this and many other VR two handed gun games benefit from using a VR gunstock! After making my own using PVC pipe, 3D printed couplers, and printed buttstock allows me to aim much faster and more accurate. Just a quick tip for anyone that wants to increase their chances of surviving^^^ :)  see you on the field
this game is amazing. good graphics good gunplay good everything
As a player who really dislikes the king of the hill game mode, I am still a bit ambivalent about this game. It is in early access and the devs do say they will be adding new game modes but, still, I doubt I'll get my tactical fix here. Either way, this game is unequivocally great and runs superbly on my less-than-average specs (GTX 970 - i5 processor). I'd write more but...Ima play another game or two.
Wow. Just wow.   Hats off to the devs for these big maps.  I love the TTK, the gun sounds, this is everything I wanted from Pavlov.  Buy this game if you want the lastest and greatest VR FPS. 
Just like any shooter its frustrating getting owned until you get the hang of things but once you do it is so very very worth it.  I'm having so much fun.  Call of duty is the best equivalent with the health regeneration and loose faster style of play.  Its a ton of fun and generally the people playing have been fun as well.  Most people are also just trying to figure out what they're doing so ask questions and chat with others.
Best VR shooter by far.
Already a great game, add some more game modes and polish a few things and it will be perfect. Guns feels better than onward and pavlov, and it looks great. The best VR FPS i have played so far.
This title has found an AWESOME mix of FPS and VR.  Its fast pace enough to keep you entertained but slow enough to be tactical.   I wish the maps were a bit bigger with some more options to flank. But other than that.  This game performs well, sounds good and uses good VR practices.    I do wish I could turn off the rotate on the main hand.   
Best FPS in virtual reality. love how polished the maps are.  The guns sound great , the  maps are well designed and  everything just feels right. This is going to be popular game. See you on battlefield
Great game with a great engine with great graphics severely crippled by a few bad decisions and game design chooses.     At this moment, the game has two game modes, Control which is horrible with very bad maps, and team death match which is really fun and has one good map (the lobby map).  Gunplay:  The game has many weapons which look great, but only two or three which  feel good when used during gameplay... almost all weapons have extremely bad recoil profiles. As a example FN SCAR has ridiculous recoil. at 10 meters if you are trying to shoot a guy in a window, the first 3 bullets will probably hit him through the window, the next bullets will hit  one floor up about 3 to 5  meters above . The KRISS Vector is even worse, and basically unusable at distances of 3-5 meters or greater.  Even though there are so many guns in this game, everybody is playing with the same 3 or 4 guns, since all other weapons are basically useless at distances greater then 5 to 10 meters.  But when playing with one of the few guns that feel good and have good recoil profiles, i have to say, the gameplay feels really, REALLY good. Head shots are awesome and bullets feel very deadly. The time to kill is very good and when your playing death match on the good map with one of the few good weapons, the game feels amazing... better then pavlov, onward or any other VR shooter i played.   As i said, the maps except for one, are unfocused and very badly designed. Also way to big for the max number of players in this game (10). the maps look to me to be made for about 16 to 20 players.  The devs should focus on bringing more tightly focused medium and small size maps for Death Match and fix the guns recoil profile so we have more useful guns. If they do this, this game will be the best VR shooter on the market
Pros: - TTK closer to Onward - Pavlov fast pace - Offense and defense feels balanced, as in you have a fair chance of taking down a player holding a corner if you're fast enough, and you have a fair chance warding off a player pushing on you - R E S PA W N I N G IN THE PREMIERE GAMEMODE, CONTROL POINT - Beuatiful visuals - Menu aesthetic reminds me of Girls' Frontline - Full body IK that actually looks good and not scuffed - Customizable loadouts that let you choose your armor type, grenades to spawn in with, sidearm, primary, and attachments that all affect your speed, armor, and weapon handling - Iron sights for the AWM - Maps combine the condensed action of Pavlov with the creative angles of Onward maps. Lots of scenery to hide and move around. There are no designated sniping lanes like in Dust2. - Training minigames in the main lobby's firing range that connect to a global leaderboard - TDM and Gungame available as side modes - Free roam mode to learn the maps and practice on bots  Cons: - No workshop (yet) - Only 5 Maps right now, though they are rich in detail and allow for creative gameplay - Control point gamemode is the only gamemode available  - Can't create passworded lobbies - Lack of virtual stock may be off-putting for new players coming from Pavlov - $19.99. This is one of the reasons BAM died to Pavlov last year.  Overall I recommend this game if you are a fan of Onward or Pavlov. It combines the best traits of both games while missing out on some necessities we've come to enjoy in newer VR games such as private lobbies and the workshop.
Fantastic mechanics.
This game sits at a perfect place between Pavlov and Onward: Not too arcade-y, but more accessible than a mil-sim. The locomotion is great, as are the gun controls. Highly recommended!
I'm a big fan of this game. It feels like one of the most polished vr shooters out there right now.  Pros: gun controls are sexy gun audio is sexy on low ping servers, hit registration is very crisp and feels good controls feel good plenty of options to customize preferences one shot headshots good gun customization graphics are fantastic  Cons: sometimes spawn killing only 4 maps(as of 12/24)  Overall would recommend, a solid vr shooter that stands with, and in many aspects, above, the competition.
Bugs  - If a grenade explodes near your face while you die you will have a glare on the top of your left eye until you restart your game. persists through map change. - Crouch animation is sometimes exploitable, the players body will fold at the hip and their head will appear in their crotch making their head covered by their body. They cannot get shot in the head.  There's only one multiplayer game mode and 4 maps. A little bland.  Otherwise it's the best multiplayer shooter for VR.
This is the most fun i've had with tactical VR shooters yet. Very polished game so far. The iron sights and other sights don't wobble as bad as other games. Very good filtering. The multiplayer game mode plays like hardpoint in call of duty. Non stop respawns. It also has calibration for stocks so i was able to calibrate my homemade stock so its matches what i see in the game much better. However it changes gun to gun. So i tend to calibrate for the gun i use the most. Anyways, for 20 dollars, very worth it.
Perfect example of doing something right, this game hits all the notes when it comes to VRFPS games.  Pros:  *Gunplay is flawless - Recoil is nice, weapon handeling is smooth, interacting with your teammates, swapping ammo, swapping guns mid battle, its just a game changer. *Movement is super costomizable to your own play preference and they go out of their way to make it so you dont get motion sickness. *Great graphics for a VR game, objects render well and you can see all the detail you need at long distances. *Small 5v5 teams fit perfectly with this type of game, not too much going on to overwhelm you. *Maps, while there are only a few, are very different and unique and seem ballanced between the two teams; you get the advantage by playing well, not because of where you start. *Being able to eaisly communicate with your team is great, and if you choose not to talk you can turn voice chat off. *Play with bots or practice your aim in the gun rage, you dont have to play competitvely if you dont want to.  Cons: *You have to calibrate the game to your height.. Im 6'6'' basicly a moving target you can see for miles. (Sure its realistic, but not really enjoyable in a video game) If I have to drop my gun to quickly swap to a gernade or sidearm my gun falls on the ground is is next to impossible to pick up (probably due to my sensor placement) but being so tall in the game surely does affect this, and the gun will dissapier really quickly if you dont pick it back up to reduce lag. Also I had some major issues with height calibration the first time I launced the game which almost turned me off from the game for good. *Not a lot of content yet, while there are a fair selection of weapons to choose from and attachments you can put on the guns, I simply can't wait for more maps to play on.  If you're looking for a VRFPS game you've found it!
[h1]30minVR[/h1] [url=steamcommunity.com/groups/30minvr][b]STEAM Group[/b][/url] / [url=https://store.steampowered.com/curator/33700466-30-minutes-exercising-in-VR/][b] STEAM Curator[/b][/url] [b]GAMEPLAY VIDEO:[/b] https://youtu.be/7tAQEGO2brc  [b]GAMEPLAY RATING:[/b] AMAZING  Visually impressive and great performance on my system. There's a ton of attention to detail in the weapon selection options, and more, including custom gunstock adjustments which I'm using with my DIY stock. For an early access title it's packed with well thought features. I'm loving the map design, they're creative and well designed making for very tense combat, and the weapons feel great and well balanced.  Out the gate this is a premium title that plays amazing, I have no complaints or issues, it just plays great. This is AAA quality VR multiplayer shooter action. 
Loving this game so far, everything in game feels so fluid. Nothing really seems to be clunky or all too glitchy. Caveman Studios are really setting the bar pretty high for what a VR Shooter should be. I play Onward quite a bit (which I love as well) it is paced differently than this though, it is a lot slower and far more punishing, this is faster paced and a bit more arcadey, but with a decent TTK.  If you have a VR headset already or are considering getting into VR and are thinking about trying this, just do it. It's well worth the asking price..
This game runs surprisingly well and actually looks good too. Probably the best looking VR shooter I have played and this is early access? Well worth it. Im hoping for more game modes in the future.
OMG its actually a good vr game for once - It's like onward and pavlov consumed each other and made this -maps are a tad big -gunplay is so good you can grip in different spots -people arent annoying nor toxic -ARMS ARE VISIBLE - ^ I'd buy it just for the arms - did i say it has arms yet -arms -z
This game is the equivalent of insurgency compared to CSGO and ARMA in the VR age. Very enjoyable, with a strong community. I highly recommend picking up this game.
What a gem. Refreshingly polished a week after release. Long range Onward style combat with out the crippled snail pacing.   Bonus: IK body is great.
[h1]Experienced on the Oculus Rift with Touch Controllers [/h1]  If you're like me, a VR veteran, you are hesitant to buy yet another VR PvP focused game. I have personally been burned more than a few times with several games in my VR library that are basically dead. That's money down the drain. Although there is single player content, let's be real, we're all here for the MP PvP action. So I spent my $16.99 USD hoping for the best based on all the positiive reviews.  I can't predict the future. So I may be on the wrong side with this one as well, but I have never played a VR PvP that looked this good and ran this smooth with the action to match the window dressing. For my money, this is the best looking PvP game in VR that can actually run on a 1060 GTX without any issues. And, no, I did not have to lower my settings all the way down. I did lower shadows and anti-aliasing, but almost everything else is in ultra settings. How they accomplished that on the Unreal Engine I have no idea. Great job devs!  If the game were just pretty, the story would end there. However, not only does it look good, it plays good. I love each of the guns. They all have their particularities. I do wish there were more guns, but the ones in-game now give you a lot of options on how you want to play and what kind of gun you like. Handguns feel good to pop a few rounds off in between reloads. The sniper rifles feel good as well as the ARs and the SMGs. I wasn't too crazy about the shotgun, but that's to be expected I suppose.  Of course, it has all the accessories as well. Grenades, smoke grenades, mines, knives, etc. But the thing that I like the most, are the maps. These are absolutely stunningly beautiful maps that are worth playing. There are no duds in this bunch. The layouts are nicely done and it will take you a while to get familiar with these maps to figure out all the ins and outs of the map to avoid getting flanked. I do wish there were more maps in the game and more game modes other than the objective one. Not that there's anything wrong with it, but some variety is always a plus.  The main problem with the game, is unfortunately, the player population. I played today, Sunday afternoon/ early evening and there weren't a lot of players online. It wasn't difficult to get into a game, but it was like 3 v 3 at the most, usually 2 v 3 or 3 v 2. Well, I hope this game does get more players. It's an amazing game. The good news, is that while you're waiting, you can play the single player content. So there's no waiting around doing nothing.  [b]Rate 8/10. Please buy it if you want this game to survive in VR land. I like this over Onward or Pavlov. It's a nice graphical improvement over both of them and the gameplay is in between the full sim of Onward and the arcade action of Pavlov.[/b]
ok 1st off GREAT JOB but needs more players maybe 10 vs 10 big maps means lots of running not much shooting we also need many more maps as 4 maps is ok for now but replayablity will be limiting with only 4 maps to paly i got borded after 3 hours (onward ive clocked 72hours) but fery good start keep updating and ill stay a fan
Finally pulled a trigger on a 1st person shooter, and BAMB!!! Im in love.  PLEASE optimize this game further, Im having frrame drop issues as matches go on, GTX1080, 6700K, DDR4.16gb
Contractor$ shows a lot of promise for an Early Access title.  https://youtu.be/DMIOLcCw2BY  A fun (and more importantly, populated) shooter. 3 PM on a Saturday and there were a tone of game lobbies to join.  There were plenty of options and I love when devs give the players tons of options to tinker with and make the experience comfortable for them. However there was one option that I really wish I could have turned off but couldn't. That was the Weapon Smoothing option.  The weapon smoothing, especially in the pistol range, just didn't feel good. The weapons feel weightless and wobbly. It's just not a good feeling and you lose precision. Some may like the smoothing, I personally do not. This is why the option should be enabled.  The main game mode is simple and straight forward. Capture the point. Kill the enemy. Pick up points from the dead enemies. I do wish the game fronted more info about the current state of the game similar to a flat games tab screen. KDA, team scores and the like but this is icing that can come after polishing up the game and fixing bugs. I did notice after recording that the overall team score is in the lower left corner of your peripheral vision. It's easy to miss but not difficult to focus on. A rare thing for VR HUDs. Well done.  There was a healthy number of weapons to choose from all with realistic handling. For the most part, artificial smoothing aside, this all felt good. There seemed to be multiple attachment points for your second hand on rifles so you could grip to your comfort position which was a nice touch.  I liked the point buy system on the loadout screen to keep the game somewhat balanced.  The running animations and IK in general could use some work. The running just looked goofy while watching others move around. When you moved around there was a random slowness that I couldn't figure out the trigger for. It happened regardless of the state of my weapon. and repeatedly clicking to sprint would eventually getting me running again. It felt almost as though I needed to full stop to reset and then click to run again. Hopefully this is fixed soon as it was kind of annoying. Eventually I just set sprint to always be on and recommend this option to all.  Back to the IK side of things, some players were contorted into some very painful looking positions on my screen. Such as being bent in half like they were bending over and grabbing their ankles. While not integral to the gameplay, it was pretty immersion breaking and could cause issues if I think I'm ducked behind something but my butt is sticking straight up in the air waiting for a silver bullet...  Being an Early Access game, comes with bugs. Bugs like my rifle vanishing from my loadout after tossing a grenade. Hopefully these get cleared up quickly but thankfully they didn't seem to be too frequent.  The 'hub' filled with activities was less a hub and more of a home base. There were no other players present in my base. I imagine if I'd invited people into my party they would have shown up but I have no confirmation of that. To me, when a game mentions a hub I think of a major public area like the tower in Destiny. That's not what you get with Contractor$ and I'm a bit disappointed even though I did enjoy the various activities available in your base.  Final verdict? Fun and reasonably priced. Pick it up if you're a shooter fan looking for a populated alternative to Onward, h3 or Pavlov. While it's not quite in their league yet, I could see it competing after some polish and quite possibly pushing past them.
before you read too much into this, you need to understand that as i am writing this review, the game is currently in development. i will say that in comparison to other vr shooters like pavlov and onward, contractors does a few things very well, even in such an early build. weapons interactions and overall feel is pretty damn good, the graphics are appealing even at the lower settings, however currently poorly optimized. i have a pretty substantial rig, but this makes my pc chug when the bullets start flying. again, its early acsess so in-depth optimizations have yet to be made. i will say that contractors suffers from the same problem as all of these shooters do. just because youre right handed doesnt mean you shhoot right handed. you shoot with you dominant eye. so currently i have to use the right handed control scheme but to reach any of my gear, i often have to reach over my body, or grab with my right hand and operate with my left. having the ability to swap walking and turning controls would allieviate this issue. any of the shooters i have played have this issue, except for pavlov, which is what i would call and ambi' shooter. the levels are large and sprawlaing and there is an impressive amount of detail in each map. this game shows a lot of promise, and im looking forward to future optimizations and updates. unfortunately it will have to sit uninstalled in my library until the afformentioned optimizations are made. even with all the graphics turned way down, my game chugs as soon as you or anyone else shoots. [likely not a graphics issue] so after all that rambling, whats my verdict? buy it now while its cheap, and sit on it for the next year. contractors shows a lot of promise. the price WILL raise, and the game WILL gain a substatial foothold on the vr fps milsim market.
I bought and played it last night. About 1/2 hour vs bots getting a feel for it, then another hour or so in multiplayer. initial impression is very good. I haven't played enough to make much judgement on map design and balance, but the maps look really good and the gameplay is fun.   Gun handling is excellent, similar to Onward with a direct feel and no floatiness like I've found in some other shooters. I tried it with my gun stock at first, but it made the red dot sight a bit far away for my liking. It worked well with the iron sights though (mk18), but overall it just slowed me down too much when reloading or throwing grenades. The game is too fast paced to use a stock imo. I always use one in Onward, but surprisingly I found I didn't really miss it. I didn't like that the bolt doesn't lock open after running out of ammo (only tried the mk18). It really slows you down when reloading. Another thing that threw me off was that the default settings for picking up a grenade was the grip button and I am so used to using the trigger button that it was difficult to adapt. Fortunately there's an option in the settings to switch it to the trigger button, thank you!    I didn't change the default graphic settings and the environments looked great and performance was excellent (1080ti).  The game was stable and bug-free for me until at one point I couldn't join any multiplayer servers; it kept booting me back to the lobby. Restarting the game didn't fix it, so I quit for the night (I didn't try restarting steamvr).  I'll definitely be back for more though.  (EDIT) I'm back to using a gun stock since there is PER WEAPON CALIBRATION. This is next level UI. Really impressed with that. Played for a couple more hours with no bugs at all. Battery died on my wireless and was able to hot swap without even restarting the game. Nice.
Absolutely EPIC! I have played about 100 hours of Onward, and some Pavlov, but this is definetly the next level! movement is great, handling is great, graphics are awsome! And it still runs pretty smooth on my GTX980.  Definetly think this is gonna be a VR hit!
This is a pretty amazing VR shooter that i've been having a lot of fun on with my friends. It feels like a lot more polished version of Pavlov or a slightly more arcady version of onward. The gunplay in the game is amazing as well with lots of guns and gun mods. The only problems we have had with the game so far is it's kind of hard to get into a game with all five of our crew and be on the same team because of the lack of players yet. There is always open servers and people to play with but the bigger your crew the harder it is to get a good game. Would definatly recommend this game to anyone looking.
So far I am loving this one. just over a few hours but Its great.   update.... This one is the best . dont hesitate grab it up.
i can not recommend this game highly enough.  Wasn't sure if there was a game that would justify a stock, this changed that.  The movement system is first rate - 2 speeds, genius!
Fast paced shooter with amazing VR graphics and lighting effects and a large, fun community for a VR game. This game can deffinitly be the golden age cod for VR. Give us monthly updates and bug fixes, with a new map or weapon every other month and they should take it away.
Great Shooter VR game. Though as a Samsung HMD Oddyssey(WMR) user, I wish there is an option to switch the movement buttons from the trackpad to the joystick.
Ok I've spent 20 minutes in the game and it's already enough to write a review praising this game. This game beats pavlov in terms of player movement, weapon recoil, Inverse kinetics (body movement simulation), and weapon sights. The game has Bots to play against and they are decently easy but will shoot back and kill you.  The hub is a weapons range and shows off the wonderful weapon handling the game has to offer. I will be showing this game to friends over pavlov from now on.  There are plenty of guns in the game already, and they have attachments you can customize on a budget, similart to onward. A couple of requests, to reorganize the equipment, and to disable comfort mode when sprinting.  But overall great implementation of what weapons handling controls have become "standard"  TTK is lower than pavlov, but not quite as hardcore as onward, except for headshots it seems, which is really nice.  Excellent work devs!!! This is the content quality VR needs right now!
This game is better than Onward. FORGET ONWARD, GET CONTRACTORS VR!
Hands down best pvp vr shooter. This game is a must buy. Great job developers!!!
I don't oftentimes review games, but this one has blew away my expectations.   Contractors is a wonderfully done VR shooter. The controls are extremely smooth, the ground actually has climbable hills unlike almost every other VR game, and the environment is beautiful. Great gearing screens, HUD etc is awesome.   Contractors has EASILY replaced Pavlov and as my go-to shooter.
It has been a while sence a game keeps pulling me in. I find my self trying to find free time to play this.
dam did this game surprise me. after pavlov and onward i feel like games like this wont be succesful becuase the devs ignore success and want to do all thier vr horrid conrtol bs and ya know. but this game IS GREAT. i mean the name should have been be a badass fkin operator. CUS A OPERATA GOTS TO OPERATE! THATS WHY. if you ike realism and shooters in vr you must have a hole in your head if you dont love this game. maybe a operator put that hole there..... maybe you buy this game.... maybe your legs dont get broke. seriously buy this game its really well done and only in EA status. meaning theyll be adding more to it.  9/10 here. p.s. snowflakes need not apply.
This is the most realistic VR experience I've ever had, the guns feel amazing, everything works as it should and you can truly immerse yourself in the experience. The hand placement is top notch with everything feeling like it exists in the world instead of being just a virtual object. The visuals are superb with PBR materials and high quality meshes.  This is one of the best VR games you can buy  
I fucking love this game!
I think Onward finally has a contender.  To preface, I've dabbled in Pavlov, Arizona Sunshine, Raw Data, BAM, Stand Out, the recent Zero Caliber, and most especially Onward. In fact it's absolutely safe to say Onward's my favorite VR game period.  Why? Well, it comes down to 3 core factors: Human-Friendly/Comfortable Game Design, Attention to Detail, and Strong Community.  Contractors already comes out swinging very strong on the first two pillars, and I sincerely hope people give it a chance in order to build that third pillar because this game's doing a lot right.  --- Human-Friendly/Comfortable Game Design ---  A lot of VR FPS's don't work great in VR due to a number of combining ingredients that take a very careful hand to mix right. It comes down to elements like how the guns handle and feel, to level design, UI, and more, but VR comes with the added challenge of balancing gameplay to human stamina, dexterity, and exhaustion, along with consideration of the physical space around the player (not to mention those pesky tether cables).  For comparison, Onward features subtle and not-so-subtle pieces that make it a comfortable experience to play, and for long stretches. Simple things like box-like or oval-like lane-based level layouts that make the players face generally one direction without a need to rotate and get disoriented in the playspace, orienting the forward orientation of the playspace toward the enemy team every respawn, one life systems that allow dead spectators to rest their legs, and most importantly, the pace of the game itself. Onward specializes in being a game about good positioning and aim placement over fast reflexes and a lot of physical exertion. This is what keeps it being comfortable for long stretches.  So how does Contractors do well in this department? For one it's got stellar gun handling and feedback. The game has controllable recoil, attachment points of the hands/controllers to the weapon that aren't too sticky or "loose," a lot of precision in which parts of the gun you're manipulating (though magazines still are inconsistently finnicky, leading to a lot of accidental grabs when trying to pull bolts on, say, sniper rifles. Generally though, most guns handle very well), and something even Onward struggles with is great, generous sights and scopes on the weapons. It also manages to cut a lot of the potential "tremble" or "drift" that can occur with very high precision of weapon handling, leading to the occasional misplaced shots.  Guns also sound distinct, and a lot punchier. They have very detailed models, the amount of recoil gives the guns kick that doesn't feel artificial or bouncy (i.e. Pavlov), being very controllable. And the amount of feedback in the controllers' haptics as well as whatever gets hit by the weapons adds to a lot of the power and weight that makes every gun feel satisfying to use. There's even little details in the guns that make them feel more tangible and fun to manipulate, such as multiple hand placements for the offhand (such as the barrel of the gun or on the magazine) or the ability to slap the bolt release.  There are other touches that I'll leave for the "Attention to Detail" segment, but the game also has plenty of design elements that add to the comfort levels. These include narrow levels with singular objectives that keep you focused on one direction, eliminating a lot of the disorientation of turning in the playspace, or with the map, or getting tangled in cords. The UI also is very friendly, easy on the eyes, while also being fairly detailed. Even adding a firing range right in the main menu is a welcome touch.  All in all the game *feels* great to play and it doesn't force excess energy on the player. However, one major quip I have has to do with the balance of spawn location, to travel time to objectives, to spawn times. Way too often the interim between fights is way, way too long while engagements are too short (due to a short time to kill, which in itself is what makes the guns feel fun and satisfying to use), creating a rhythm that may simply take getting used to, but it isn't friendly on the legs as there are no great baked-in rest periods except match endings, loading screens, and beginnings. As it stands the game is hard to play for long stretches as you're always on alert and standing between respawns, but spending a lot of downtime not getting into fights. With some more dialing of the spawn times, travel time, and spawn location to shorten things to like 20-30 seconds between getting into the next fight would go a long way.  --- Attention to Detail ---  I love the aesthetic of this game. It looks bright, sharp, and full of detail thanks to lushly cluttered levels, colors that pop, and a slick green-grey aesthetic of the UI. The levels also feel very distinct and grand, from the city's upper and lower pathways, interior rooms to exterior alleyways full of cars and pillars, the amount of pathways through this and the other featured maps give a lot of routes and options for ambushes to create interesting skirmishes in a variety of hotspots.  There are additional features that are welcome add-ins, such as a slide mechanic by going into a sprint and physically crouching to make your character slide a few feet while shooting. You can hold your weapon by the clip or the barrel with a lot of rifles and some SMG's. Guns reload in similar ways to their real-world counterparts, some dropping the magazines upon hitting the release, while others need to be pulled out. They also don't fire at all when pressed up into a wall (though sometimes can work against the player). The loadout system offers a lot of options and tactical considerations between the weapons themselves, the attachments, and sidearms and gadgets like grenades, and having the weapons' ballistics, fire rate, and other info on display keep the game feeling satisfyingly transparant with the player (though there could be a + or - value of how many points are being gained or lost by adding attachments or swapping weapons. You're only given the flat point value of the item with no obvious way to track what points have been spent on what and how many you have left 'til you go over).  The animations of the sprinting and sliding look smooth and swell, the player models look pretty well put together, though still have the weird knee-bending and an odd case of the glitchy arm bending about the wrong way. It's quite different from how Onward's stance animations work and look, but otherwise holds up pretty well.  In summary, there's a lot that's pleasing on the eyes, the ears, and in your digital grips with what you can manipulate in regards to your firearm. There could be more interactivity with the map itself, but it's honestly unnecessary to the tight gunplay and wealth of player mechanics.  --- Community ---  At the moment there are handfuls of matches running every day, but it remains to be seen how that sticks. There were some bugs with the voice chat, both proximity and the radio, but they've gradually been getting smoothed out at the time of this writing. Players are generally cool and there's more new players every day coming to check things out, and so long as the game continues to receive support, I think there's a possibility for growth and a good playerbase behind Contractors. To be frank, I think the game could stand to include a few more players to its' large maps (to help create more frequent engagements and bigger action if the spawn timers/travel times/spawn locations don't change much).  --- Summary ---  Onward's been a hard game to dethrone because of how well all the pieces of that game came together, but Contractors managed to figure out that secret formula and while making their own tweaks and going above and beyond on presentation. This is seriously one to watch out for as it develops.   Do NOT pass up Contractors if you love VR FPS's!
The best VR shooter there currently is.
Best multiplayer VR shooter about.
This game is extremely well done, basically Counter-Strike for VR but the graphics are better than most VR shooters I've played.  I especially love the shadows and the bullet impacts, even the smoke grenades seem legit.  The controls and the 'feel' of the guns are excellent.  This is the first VR game I feel very comfortable using the scopes in.  The AI is pretty decent, they'll even flank if you take an overlooking strategic position.  Unfortunately if you suffer from any VR sickness in other games, this won't be much different.  I'm usually pretty good at not feeling sick in VR and I'd give this game a moderate VR sickness rating, it's borderline for me but thankfully totally playable.
This game definitely has a solid foundation. It does strike a balance between the gameplay of Onward and Pavlov which is good. The movement and gun play all feels really nice. You don't die immediately when getting shot (unless it's a headshot) which has lead to some good firefights. As long as this game continues to get more content (hopefully mod support) I think it will turn out to be a must have VR shooter.
I would recommend this game if you like call of duty in vr.
One of the Best, if not currently the Best FPS for VR right now. PVP online multiplayer, co-op, Bots, Customize loadouts. Everything we've come to expect from this genre. It's all here, and in color. Great Virtual Reality Title. I used Mixed Reality controllers and Lenovo Explorer headset.
Such a good time!! I put on the headset, and I'm a game in 60 seconds tops. Graphics are the best out of VR shooters I have seen. Gun choices are awesome, attachments are great. The game just feels so smooth, I find myself forgetting it's just a game. The maps are just so well designed, making for some awesome firefights, or choices to sneak around. Few cons, more or less suggestions -More players per game. 5v5 can be slower then I like. Walking to objectives just to die then a long walk back isnt always the best -More game modes, a deathmatch would be a great addition -Its really a good time when you get with a group that talks. Unfortunately, 50% of the games your team is silent. Not the dev's fault! -More maps, mostly the games you play are on 2 maps, as the community seems to prefer these. -It lacks incentives to keep playing, other then just sheer pleasure, which is enough to keep going. BUT a simple ranking system would keep me wanting to keep playing and advancing, along with unlockables etc. These are all issues that I assume will be addressed as the game grows.
Excellent gunplay and a gameplay is fast enough to prevent boredom, yet respawns take long enough that you want to play tactically.
WOW! really really really fun! They nailed the shooting on this! Feels amazing to shoot the guns and once you get to know the maps it is very tactical. So far my favorite VR shooter by far!! Awesome job cant wait for my controllers to recharge so I can play some more :)
Wow! Best VR FPS shooter by far!
So if Pavlov is CS go and Onward is Arma3(tactically not size) then this lies nicely inbetween the two.  The imediacy of Pavlov with the ability to use tactics.  The 5x5 maps work really well and so far most players are comunicative and call shots and enemy locations.  Very nice implimentation of weapon points  on the body making it easy to release your main weapon without dropping it and smothly grab your side arm (with a little practice).  Limited ammo means that each bullet counts.  Do not get stuck in the open and need to change mags you will die.  The grenades work well as do the flash and smoke.  Best Vr Shooter at the moment  The only real glitch i have had so far is losing sound when reseting my view on the oculus menu.   The fact that you load into your own training facility with target games and CQB house is an awsome feature and one sorly lacking in Pavlov.     10/10 would get shot in the face by a silenced honeybadger again.   
yes.
I tried this yesterday for the first time.  I got a little VR sickness and could not find a public group that was worth playing in.  I think the devs did a nice job.  Graphics are very nice, movement is pretty decent considering legs aren't tracked.  The only big usse was this is a multiplayer game.  What will make it shine is when there are thousands of people in the lobbies ready to play.  Getting groups with people that speak your language would be great too.  The game is good.  The multiplayer part is not great becuase VR is still growing and catching on.  So many of these multiplayer games would be a ton of fun if there was an audience.  Still going to reccommend it in hopes the VR universe grows so the game can be what it is meant to be.
Amazing game, as an avid FPS player in VR I love this game above all others. It's beautiful, performs well and the action feels so much more intense than any other match I've played elsewhere.  Things the game needs: - Map/Compass.  Some method to make call-outs make more sense for teammates. Slap on a compass and region name like Rainbow six siege does and that would be amazing.  -More clipping protection.  Very often I've been killed by heads sticking out from objects. Its VR, and I understand this is still a rough task, but it's an important one.  -Claymore fixes My claymores dissapear often when placing them on the ground. Another odd issue is that sometimes when placing them on the ground they accidentally touch my chest and go back into the claymore's slot, but activated and I cannot place them. Very annoying.  - An option for no knife? I'd like more points to spend on attatchments, perhaps removing the knife would give sufficient points for more options.  Every game has flaws. This post isnt to discredit the game, as a matter of fact I am still VERY happy I bought this game and look forward to it's growth and progress as time goes on. Such a great title!  P.S.  Love the Single player lobby. So much packed in. The shoot house was cool, did not expect zombies and A.I. but what was really unique was the body you can shoot to  teach players of the dama count, Really cool!. Also the target practice for grouping and starter missions to get a feel of your weapon.   Man this game is the best!
[Oculus] It's a solid shooter, and has better environments than others for sure.  Of course, I have some gripes.  The "Capture and Hold" mode is fun, however some of the levels need a bit of polish (getting caught up on geo happens regularly, and a lot of the capture points have bad sightlines).  I want (nay, need) to be able to jump or mantle over low obstacles.  There are a couple of things that I think would make this game a little more frictionless - especially considering the gameplay isn't strictly 'simulation':  - Ammo types - just stick with 'primary' and 'secondary' ammo - i.e. if I hand someone else a magazine of my 'primary' ammo it should work in their primary weapon - being able to share ammo is a neat feature, and it should be easier to do, not more difficult.  - Grabbing should all use the same trigger - I don't like that I have to remember which trigger to use to change ammo vs. hold the gun, etc.  I see that part of the problem here might be the density of grabbable objects on the vest, but this could again be simplified to a single primary and single secondary slot for magazines with a number.  - I should be able to melee with my weapon - coming around the corner face to face with someone and we are both flailing around trying to either shoot each other or get a knife is too finicky - we should be able to just bash each others faces with our guns.  - Having to rack the bolt on an empty weapon after a reload is great in a sim, but not so much fun in a faster paced game.  That part, I think, could be skipped for this game.  Overall though, this is a pretty decent iteration on the genre, with very nice, high density environments.
When I started developing the Virtual Rifle Systems MK-II gun stock, I knew that the future of VR FPS shooters would involve addressing stock adjustments and setup on the software side.  My hope was that developers would provide an “in-game” solution that allowed players to fit the game (specifically the weapons) to their physical limitations/constraints. HOME F-ING RUN here! The in-game adjustments allow the user to move the model forward/reverse, up/down, and rotate about the X axis (imagine a rod through the trigger guard that allows the gun to rotate around it). This will allow users of any “gun stock” solution (homebrew or otherwise) a better setup and game experience.  The “gun stock” adjustments in this game should be the benchmark moving forward for all devs interested in creating FPS VR games.  I haven’t even got to the gameplay and it is two thumbs up.  However, pacing, aesthetics, and gameplay make this a very worthwhile title for gamers who enjoy a fun and engaging FPS.  Thanks Devs. I already don’t have enough time for my day job, family, and making VR gun stocks…now I will have even less!   
Holy amazeballs, this is the VR shooter I've been waiting for. This game is amazing. I need YOU to buy it so there's a bigger player base. Prior service and want to relive the tactical glory days? This is for you man. I played Pavlov, and this is much better when it comes to feeling like you're clearing corners, flanking, getting into firing positions and making sound tactical decisions. Do it. You have the 20 bones. Spend it.
Perfect balance between Onward and Pavlov.
Love the maps, well layed out and nice to look at.  I think I need to get out the knee pads to try the sliding, at my age its getting harding to stand up  quickly :)
 Even in its current state of Early Access, this is, imho, by far the best VRFPS game.  It feels more polished than any other competitor even with some of its annoying issues.  The shooting feels very good, and requires a good bit of skill.  It rewards thoughtful tacticle gameplay, and generally the gameplay loop leads to exciting firefights.  I really enjoy the rotating point-control gametype (I believe it's currently the only game mode) because it encourages tacticle team play.  The level design is really, really good for an indie game of this type and price.  There's some weird invisible wall issues, as well as obstacles that look like you can climb up but can't.  There's also some strange loadout screen bugs.  Other than that, it's a really solid, incredibly fun game.    If you've played the other VR shooters on Steam then the following comparisons may help you decide whether or not you'll like this game.  It's just as tacticle as Onward, but it's a tad less lethal and the map design is much better.  It's more lethal than Pavlov, and I think the gunplay is much, much better in spite of an apparent lack of a virtual gun stock.  In effect, it's a great balance between the two other best-in-class games, and it generally looks much better than either of them in terms of graphics and polish.
If these devs stay on top of this game Contractors has the potential to be the #1 VR FPS for sure.   Pros: 1. Graphics are polished 2. game runs butter smooth cranked on high and SS on my Samsung Odyssey + , 1080ti, Ryzen 1700x  3. Combat feels rewarding and visceral   We need to support devs like this and buy this game in EA. Contractors is a step forward in the genre and a blast to play even in it's current EA state..
It one if not the best first person shooter for vr out right now in my opinion. I really like how it not spawn kill repeat over and over. When you work as a team to me vr is at it best in contractor
If you're someone who is even remotely into VR shooters, Contractors is a must own.   -Extremely responsive devs who are taking feedback and regularly making changes and improving the game based on community feedback -Best gun handling I've seen in a VR shooter yet -Already a very polished game even though it was just released into EA -Stunning graphics -Fun to play maps that also have good variety and elevation -Good overall sound design -Excellent performance on my system (i5 6600K 1070TI with a Rift) -Oculus sdk support  As I said above the devs are very responsive and are always making changes based on player feedback. The few things I would list as a con are all set to be fixed/changed in the next patch so I won't bother to list them.    Overall this is a very solid game that will only improve. It has a great balance between releasim and fun and it keeps me coming back for more each time.
work on calibration just fix it doesnt work well, had to trick it and cant grip stuff off the ground not fun when cant pick up stuff. TELL ME HOW TO FIX   *edit  I Fixed but they lying about the 331 hours its a glitch or something I put in 31 hours.
Best Multiplayer VR Shooter on steam compared to onward, pavlov etc.  had some calibrating issues, after emailing support i received a fast reply informing me that it was because my sensor placement!  Map is too big for only 5 enemies other than that everything is spectacular for early access
This is the generation of VR shooters I've been waiting for. I love the graphics, they are far and away above any other VR shooter out there currently.  That being  said, this game definitely has some bugs it needs to iron out. Issues with certain guns sights not lining up, some shoulder mounted guns not being able to be accessed, and the bodies are very bullet-spongy.   Things like the magnifier + EO scope completely nerf guns so they are practically unusable, and you have to "hack" your way into finding random combinations of attachments and guns that boost your damage enough to have a reasonable TTK.   Overall it's very fun, I'm sure I'll be playing it much more - But there are issues that I hope get addressed soon, especially the damage calculations.
This is the best multiplayer team based VR shooter yet and I have tried all of them... trust me..
You can jump in the game and at first glance, the graphics are yummy!  I can taste it.  The sound of the guns, oh that sound!  It's like harmony.  The maps are thought out well.  It's early access none the less but what you have is the future of fun in the sun and the smell of gun powder.
Rainbox six vegas VR - for early access this is amazing
This is probably the best VR FPS that I have played. Yes Onward and Pavlov are still very good but when comparing this game to those you will find that this is kinda the middle ground between them. Which is why it's so awesome! I see a ton of potential with this game and been having a blast playing it. The graphics are the best of any VR game i've played. The sounds are very good and combat is satifying. If you like VR shooters this is a must have.
Simply put, Contractors is a ton of fun, looks great, has many weapon options and is worth your money
Perfect mix of arcade and simulation. Much much faster than Onward. The graphics are simply amazing! One of the best i have seen in a VR game.
This game is amazing (I am writing this after their servers seemed to have crashed). The game is amazing, slick, quick, fun and fast. It's what Pavlov wants to be. There are a few things that are a bit glitchy, like scopes taking ages to appear, but otherwise it's great. Very satisfying shooter.
Kind of a great middle ground between the slowness and onward and pavlov. The shooting is solid, the graphics are good, and the game runs well even with my outdated cpu  The real brilliant thing this game adds is the slide to cover mechanic. Sprint in the game and crouch in real life and your character will do a bad ass slide. Its super handy  Player count seems fine. Had no issues so far finding full games. I just hope it continues to grow and becomes a staple like pavlov and onward did.  Heavily recommended
Ok, currently I've only played two rounds of this game.  It says .6 hours played of the game for my time and that's as of mid Dec.  So judge the validity of this review based on the amount of time played.    After those two rounds, the game is the perfect melding of Onward and Pavlov for me.  I started in Onward and played it a bunch but I suck so it ended up turning into a spectator's sport for me.  I then moved on to Pavlov and that game is still considered awesome in my book, but I didn't like the feel of the guns.  They sounded great but they didn't feel cool and were missing customizeability.  In my two rounds I have found the guns in this game sound, feel, shoot and interact wonderfully.  I also love the way the inventory is set up as well.  It's very similar to Onward and I really like Onward's inventory.  I like the points based system determining what all you can carry with you.  Very well done.  I think the best part of this game is the map design.  It's got awesome maps, lots of cover and different routes.  Great design around the game mode.  I had a great stand off in my second game where I was pinned down by a couple of people behind cover, I then popped some smoke and threw a grenade for giggles.  Once smoke started up, I bounced out of there under fire and found a flank route.  Just great map design.  I think this is what sets the game apart from the others the most.    I think this is a perfect middle ground between the two games and that anyone who has both games should invest the $17 in this game (or the $20 if it's off sale).
It’s the little things about this game that make it so freaking great. People have been saying this game is akin to COD for VR and I have to agree with that completely. It’s easily one of the most polished early access VR games I’ve played and I’ve pretty much played them all a decent amount. From onward, Pavlov, war dust, I’ve been on them all for hundreds of hours but i have to say this is the best game out of all them, and I’m dead serious when I say that. It honestly makes me mad how well it runs on my computer, because it just shows how unoptimized all the other games are and with worse graphics... when developers are pay attention to the little things, it shows.   The game has a gun stock calibrator for gods sake. Like seriously WHY DONT OTHER GAMES HAVE THIS??? I hope now that this game has it others will follow suit. Like I said, it’s the little things.  The sounds in this game are top notch, easily beats all the other games. It’s so underrated how much good gun sounds enhance the immersion in VR. You actually feel like you’re shooting a suppressed rifle! It made me realize just how crap the sounds in all the other games are.   The graphics... oh man now I know what my GTX 1080 is actually capable of. I can run it on ultra resolution with high aliasing and it looks gorgeous and runs at 90 FPS constant. I can’t say the same for onward, Pavlov, or war dust. Seriously it’s ridiculous how this game runs smoother than those games and looks 1000x better.   The game starts you off automatically in the target range so you have all the time in the world to calibrate and fine tune your settings, play around with your gun, or do some target challenges. I’m telling you, it’s the little things. Compare that to the crap start up areas onward and war dust give you. Pavlov has the right idea, but shooting windows is pretty dull, why not start us off in something like the practice range map?   The gun play and hit detection in this game is amazing as well, feels better than any other vr shooter currently. The recoil is tougher than normal but nothing you can’t get use to. And it just makes those one taps that much more satisfying, you know when you are going to get a headshot. Not a lot of games can give you that feeling, and I use to be a competitive counter strike player that cared about 128 tickrate and all that, so you can say I’m pretty elitist when it comes to this. But damn I have absolutely no qualms with the hit detection in this game, think H3VR but multiplayer. Yeah, it feels that good.   Also, look how responsive this developer is in the discussion forum and reviews. That’s the type of developer we should all be supporting, the ones that listen to the community. I honestly never write reviews for games but this one just compelled me to write one because of how much fun I’m having with it.  It’s not without its faults though, there are some bugs here and there but I have high hopes they will be ironed out quickly, but even besides that, it is still 1000x more polished than the likes of onward, Pavlov, and war dust. I’m dead serious about that.  Hopefully they add a couple new game modes (deathmatch anyone?), some new maps, and a higher player count in servers. This is definitely the VR shooter I’ve been waiting for, and if you like any of the other games I mentioned you’re doing yourself a disservice if you don’t pick this up.
Game is incredibly fun a mix between onward and pavlov not sure why i bought the game but saw a video on it and had to put my money on the front counter well spent and running great on a i3-8100 and a 970 not a typical vr build but runs well on a budget build.
This is the new high watermark for VR shooters. The graphics are smooth and polished, the guns are detailed and realistic, and the gameplay is exciting!. This game takes the best parts of War Dust (primarily the gunplay and multiplayer) and rolls in piles of smoothness and smaller maps for 5v5 combat.  Using the guns and their functions (reloading, charging on an empty chamber, using/tossing grenades) is natural and intuitive if you have experience with guns or playing VR shooters. Even the recoil has been made to be realistic so you can't just run around on full auto shooting lasers. You have to be deliberate about your shots or you just waste ammo, and ammo itself is limited like real life (you can pick up more off dead enemies or from ammo drops).  Note that this is early access, so there are bugs and glitches being ironed out, but if you were to go into this game without knowing that fact you would think this is a well-polished beta release before a full release. Maps are limited to 4 right now, but the devs have already noted plans to release more maps and game modes in the near future. You also may want a gun stock for your controllers as this game supports VR stock calibration, and they are almost needed with how accurate and precise this game is. The devs are *super* engaged and responsive, and there is a full Discord channel for this game where they are talking with the community, tracking and listing bugs and fixes in the works, and are incredibly receptive of all the feedback so far.   If you want a VR FPS game, do not hesitate. This could easily have been listed for $30-60 for how well it is put together and I would still be leaving a glowing review. AAA developers should take notice at what this small group of folks has done, because with the quality and engagement with the community, this is what makes games fun to play.
A must buy for anyone wanting to jump into a multiplayer shooter. Hands down the best one I have played yet, the tacticality of every spawn feels so realistic. The main lobby allows for practice with all guns and knives and equipment with waves upon waves of bots. This game is going places for sure. The developers even announced a road map and posted a link in the discussion forums for everyone to see. That makes me feel like this game is going to have so much content in the future with new maps, new mechanics, new game modes, more players...etc.
This is sooo good! a good mix of Onwards tactical teamplay and Pavlovs quicker paced action, the TTK also feels perfect too, which is my my biggest gripe with Pavlov. the weapon sounds are fantastic and putting down an other player with a suppressed rifle is very satisying. if you like VRFPS's, i feel this is probably the best one right now, Onward and Pavlov are the two main ones due to them being around longer, but Contractors looks better, plays better, sounds better and is better.  
Great VR FPS ! Lot of attention on weapons handling, fx sounds, graphics and gameplay itself (the sliding is a good idea and very well done). The only game mod is a point capture ala Call of Duty, where you have to secure different random points in 5vs5 players. It is pretty smartly done and very addictive. For sure, there is little content, but it's just the beginning of the early access and devs seem serious and very attentive to players feedback. The shooting range has some very good challenges and, once again, very well done ! Can't wait to see how the game going to evolve...
One of the most polished VR FPS games out there. If Pavlov is CS and Onward is Arma, then Contractors is CoD. Buy it so the MP doesn't die, please.
Slots in between Pavlov and Onward nicely.
It's my favorite game at the moment, but I have a few complaints. It takes way too long to walk to the objective and then after dying by the time you get back to the objective they already have it captured, and then you have to wait 15 seconds to respawn so if you die once they basically already won the objective and there is no fight for it, and also with a lot of walking, and waiting there is a lot of standing around which isn't too fun in VR when you're lazy like me
It plays so smooth, It feels like this is the call of duty of the vr  And I mean by that only the good things of call of duty
From the aspect of game design...CS1.5(Pavlov VR) -> COD4(Contractors VR)!  Don't get me wrong, CS1.5(Pavlov VR) also an good game and I'm look forwarding to it's evolution towards cs:go. But the COD4(Contractors VR), it's....it's...so damn great!  Bigger Map! Much more tactics choises! Custom attchments! Finally got some 2in1 scope(holos+acog)! (By the way, the first one I saw on PC was from COD4) Good details! Feel you footstop via controller vibrate! Far more detailed settings made my windows mr playable!( In contrast， I couldn't manage to  sprint in WAR DUST) Much batter graphics! Yet still well optimized(stable fps 90 for 190% resolution multiplier. Much friendly for CPU).   The best gun vr game I ever played. Totally worth ¥59/$10 even without PVP part(which I havn't try yet due to my local network issue).
Great Map/Level design, works perfect with the current game mode and 10 Players. Gunplay/everyhing else is amazing and works very good. Graphics are some of the best i've seen in VR.  Love it so much :D  Height calibration with T-Pose isn't working with oculus? I'm getting the hight adjust promt sometimes midgame wich is annoying...
I've played the Beta and loved it!   Really nice graphics and a mix of Onward and Pavlov.    
I have only played Stand Out before this but all my friends who had played Pavlov and Onward have moved onto this game. Everyone says this is the best VR FPS to date.
This strikes the perfect middle ground between the Arcadeyness of Pavlov, and the Hardcore demands of Onward. But it is more polished than either one of those. The weapons are well implemented and especially their sounds make this stand above the others. But most importantly, the hit detection is amazingly satisfying, something that other games struggle with. The maps are expansive and have many points of approach. The menus are easy to navigate, especially for the loadouts. You can try out everything in the lobby before jumping into a game. Of course there are a bunch of minor issues that need fixing, but this is an excellent jumping in point.
Simply put very impressive. Finally a proper team based shooter that looks good. Think Robo Recall :) Less realistic than Onward, more sim than Pavlov. Perfect!
COD in VR was will man mehr ^^ Danke an Caveman Studio für ein sehr sehr gutes Spiel.
It's better than expected. 5 VS 5 PVP, hope will be 10 VS 10 or more.
amazing game would smash
Best vr shooter out there. Hoping for a seach and destroy game mode!
This game has the most solid gunplay and map design I have experienced in VR. It's fantastic.  Even the main menu room has so much gameplay to warm you up for online. There's assets in there to teach you about what you can expect. The limited ammo really makes you think about your shots, and the visual design is very good and readable.  If you like Pavlov, Onward, or Zero Caliber, DEFINITELY get this. I like the guns here more than Zero Caliber, because the grips of ZC guns don't map very well to where vive controllers physically are. This game gets that right though. I am loving this game so far. I really hope they take it further with more gamemodes and etc. There is a lot of polish to this as a VRFPS, and it is only just shy of feeling truly AAA. This will likely change as we get closer to full release.  This is early access, so as of 12/16/2018, here are some comments for improvement. - It would be cool if there was diegetic UI text over the fire rate selectors on guns to more easily see if you are on semi or full. - It's pretty hard to tell what the map boundaries are, so something like PUBG's zone wall (But closer to the ground only) or similar effect would be cool.  - Since the team radio is on your arm, it's sometimes not immediately accessible because the IK isn't matching up properly. - Ammunition despawns off of enemies and friends too quickly, so stealing someone else's loadout isn't very viable. - In the main menu level, you can pick up the guns of fallen enemies, and they will fire without mags. However, these guns do no damage to zombies, and probably no damage to anything.
I have tried a couple VR shooters in the past, but none of them have really stuck with me. I have only palyed 2 hours so far but I am really enjoying my time. The game/animations looks great and has a good interaction model.
I haven't played this game too much, but so far I enjoy it. This game has so much potential, the visuals are so good, the guns are so good looking, you can steal equipment from other people, you can see your whole body (including arms) which I absolutely love, that's exactly what I wanted from a VR shooter, to be able to see your arms and your body, it brings so much to the immersion.   There's a pretty good amount of guns/equipment in the game, including claymores, all sorts of grenades, a machete, different types of body armor, and more. Guns are customizable, meaning that you can put scopes, supressors and grips on them. Also, there are these ammo caches on all the maps from which you can grab ammo if you run out. And again, let's say you have no ammo left and you can't reach one of those caches. If you're lucky enough you can go behind a enemy and grab his pistol out of his holster, that's one of the coolest parts about this game, also, the colors are vibrant and visuals are pretty good for a VR game even on low settings. All of the scopes are really good, including the 4x and 8x, which are really easy to look through unlike some other games. Another thing the devs should do is that, they should add larger scale battles, like 30vs30 or something like that, vehicles, etc. I really hope something like that will come out in the future.  So far I'm gonna go ahead and rate this game a 8/10, that's because the scale of the maps is pretty big considering it's only 10 players and also, the game still needs some features like climbing over walls, 30vs30 lobbies, etc, but 8/10 is still a pretty good score in my opinion and as I've said, this game has a lot of potential, and I could see this surpassing Onward and Pavlov.
Now the trifecta is complete: Onward, Pavlov and Contractors.  A must buy. The COD of vr and runs so damn smooth.
great weapons mechanic, good graphics, finally something that isnt all from unity assets! i am liking this game so far!
So, the graphics are good, the weapon handling for reload for example need to be tweaked a little and the performance needs optimization but overall it has a great future.
Great game; having played onward, war dust and pavlov VR, this has the most potential by far. When more players and game modes are here, this will be the clear winner.
This is the Rainbow Six/Ghost Recon of VR. Great maps and objectives to focus the fight on.  Lots of routes to the various areas of the maps.  Good open sight lines for long range shooting or you can stick to the buildings and go close quarters. Excellent weapon choices and point spending system, easy to setup your favorite loadouts. If it's this great already I can't wait to see where it goes from here.
Great performance, acceptable variety of guns/equipment and inclusion of bots for 'singleplayer'.
Short version: not complete but lots of potential to be a more realistic COD VR.  STOP COMPARING THIS TO PAVLOV: The gunplay is like a more polished and realistic version of Payday VR (that's a compliment). The inventory and movement is a lot like War Dust. The only thing similar to Pavlov is that it's 5v5 matches (at least for now it is). Pavlov shooting, inventory, and movement is waaaaayyyy different.  Pro Tip #1: Set your walkie talkie to "always on" (walkie system definitely needs to be easier and sound cue when it's on)  Pro Tip #2: If you have VIve, don't move your feet or it will drop framerate   Pros: -Guns and attachements awesome and fun to shoot (don't notice much of a difference when using grips) -Sliding mechanic is smooth and fu*#$ing awesome -Graphics are probably the best out of any online vr shooter game or probably and online VR game -People are cool to talk too (most of the people pawning everyone, is because most have frame rate issues. If this wasn't a factor, it would be clear that everyone is on level ground and learning the game)  Cons: -Not properly integrated with vive (you can tell from the transition betweensteam home and back in game things need to be smoothed out) -Frame rate issues: Not all game, but a lot of them... you need to be the one too shoot first, or else the guy will have 1 sec on you. A lot of the time when people start shooting or I grab gadegts, the frame rate will drop. I have an Omen Core i7 with all the latest stuff and really good internet so I know it's not and issue on my end) -Granade throws barely go past 5-10 feet -MY BIGGEST ISSUE OF ALL - the reloading - super slow, just use pouches like pavlov, the icon idicators on the gun shouldn't even be necessary -SECOND BIGGEST ISSUE - hand placement - feels super unnaturally and hands don't even look human lol -Both of these two last issues kind of go hand in hand.      -Please increase the radius for cocking gun      -When reloading some pistols I accidentally pull out the mag, this shouldn't even be an option, I'd rather just drop clip      -I shouldn't have to palm something to grab it, just touching it with any part of my hand should grab it otherwise it feels super unnatural      -The worst part about this game that's always annoying is that my hands are not where the actually are, it feels like I'm holding a guys hands      - P90 dominent hand is angled like a sniper, super annoying to aim ( I will say I do love the hand angle for the snipers tho)  Wierd techinical Bug: Two times when I moved my feet during the matchmaking screen, the online game laoded with  a weird mesh layer around my vision that made it feel like I was wearing a ghillly suit. I think this is a bug due to it not being probably integrated with Vive? Just thought I'd mention cuase it did make me restart the game twice.  So yea... my suggestions are 1. fix frame rate issues. 2. fix hands/placement 3. AND PLEASE FIX RELOADING  Also... I don't mean to be that guy... and before saying this I want to mention that I absolutely hate fortnite.... but PLEASE ALSO ADD A BATTLE ROYALE MODE.  Also please add larger scale games.  So far good job and keep up the good work. This is one of my top 2-3 games on VR that actually have replayability right now.  P.S if you want to see some awesome clips from the game and also see the bugs I'm taliing about you can check conker_gaming on insta
1. For people interested in buying:  I like this game way much more than Pavlov or Onward. Pavlov seems to be too casual and it gets boring too quickly, meanwhilist in Onward you have to wait minutes each time you die only to respawn and to die really quickly again. This game is the perfect middle ground where the firefights still punish you if you die with the 15 sec respawn time, so you necessarily can't run in like in Pavlov, but still have to be careful like in Onward.  The gunplay feels really solid, it's up to the standards when comparing to the lineup of current VR fps games. I think the gun sounds actually sound the best out of all the VR fps games. The graphics are beautiful with way much more detail and clutter in the ground, meanwhile Onward and Pavlov suffer from not having much detail and ground being just really plain texture. The game is also optimized really well.   I see huge potential in this game, way much more than in Onward or Pavlov. Buy it, support the devs!  For developers:  The gunstock calibration tool is so good. But it also lacks certain features.   1. It feels quite frustrating to go back and to re-calibrate your gunstock to new guns you want to use everytime. It would be awesome if you could just go through all the guns and save calibration for each one of them.  2. Some optics, like large scopes don't render anything unless you're close enough to the scope. This actually makes snipers unplayable currently with a gunstock. At least if you want to use the cheek rest which pretty much is must for gunstocks.  3. It would also be nice to adjust the distance of the gun from yourself. Some guns just feel so far away from the player rendering using the iron sights quite hard.  What also bugged me out while playing quite bit is that the running sound is panned way too hard to the sides and it kinda broke the immersion.  
- The most polished VR mp shooter - The best graphics of all VR mp shooters - Great IK - Great customization - Great gun-handling - Perfect TTK compared to casual Pavlov and hardcore Onward
Tried Contractor$ for a couple of hours...Still not sure if I like it or not. Closer to PAVLOV than ONWARD, graphics are pretty good and overall everything feels pretty solid. Don't dig too much the respawn system (I am an Onward fan) and the size of the maps is probably too big for 5v5. You will end up running spawn point-to-target most of your time at the beginning.  Couldn't find the option to get rid of the "black curtains" when you run...I am a "veteran VR player" and definitely don't need such gimmick to avoid motion sickness.  Being at its early stage it is still developing...but being kicked out of a match because of a game crash it's pretty annoying.  Thumbs up to the developers anyways, and keep developing the game!!  UPDATE:   Found the setting for the FOV Limiter, and game hasn't crashed after the first time...so my positive feelings about this game has grown!  RECOMMENDED TO ANYONE WHO LIKES ONWARD AND PAVLOV (this game is somewhere in the middle of them, with a perfect mix)
Want to like pavlov but its too CS? Want to play more onward but waiting for respawn sucks and gameplay is a bit too slow? Want graphics of zero caliber but its low polish and awkward handling didnt pull you in? This is the fps youve been waiting for.  I impulse bought it and was afraid i was going to be dissapointed but this is pretty much insurgency vr in how it plays and its realism level. Controls are good almost h3vr tier and pretty accurate and good interactions, gunplay is great, lots of customization and theres a good gamemode with respawns that wont let you sit around after you die.  Not to mention it looks fantastic and the team is pretty competent.  A big, hearty reccomendation, hopefully it dehtrones pavlov and takes its rightful place as the go to fps
Very nice gunplay and good optimization. Shooting mechanics feel very satisfying. The dev team is active with the community and doing regular updates. Must have VR FPS game!   If you like onward/pavlov etc. This is a perfect game for your library.
Even with the short amount of time i have on here, its becoming my new favorite VR Shooter so far! Give it a lick and I'll bet It's going to taste like raisins!
Ok so now that ive logged 1.6 hours worth of time ill tell you what i think. Ok so the game itself, although fun, its also beautiful. See what i did there. You thought i was gonna put a con in there. Well happily no i have nothing but amazing things to say about this game 2 days into its publishing. The game is nothing short of a FPS lovers wet dream. Youre able to do offline and online which is what i like to hone my skills in the game, and thats the other good part. Its not a hard game to manage. This game is like AMF(Alpha Mike Foxtrot) except its good. I enjoy what makes this game good, and thats not being completely buggy in early access two days into publishing. If games like this came up in early access often. I would be more apt to buy games. Even though I buy games almost every week, games like this little gem never cease to make me love my VR system everyday. I literally played this for 1.6 hours straight standing in my living room with the TV off in the middle of the night. Thats what i call the kids are asleep and so is the wife. So there is a reason why this is a very positive game folks. Because its awesome. Take Onward, make it less slow, and twist a little boots on the ground COD MW2 in there and youve got Contractors. They have a fucking SKS like seriously how many games do you know that have a fucking SKS in them. Umm I only know one more and I've named it already. But all getting aside. Buy this game because not only does it have kickass multiplayer, it has a shooting range, a reactive shooting range, a fucking sillouette shooting range, and a bot lobby. Its also beautiful as fuck. Literally came in my pants playing this. My Nvidia 1070 8GB ran it on untra settings with no hangups. How many games two days into early access do you know can accomplishe that? Amazing job Caveman Studios youve brought back some kid in this 30 year old married father of two. Bravo
This game feels like the next generation of Vr shooters great graphics and gameplay its still early but already a gem
Damn good, best shooter out there imo...
An absolute blast once I got the sticks working with WMR controllers. This might be the most fun I've had being terrible at a game, ever.
Graphics are 10/10 reminds me of arizona sunshine or robo recall, only thing that looks out of place is the grass, hopefully they will change later on, full body IK on here is probably the best ive seen on a game, usually a game that has it it anoys me and there is no way to get rid of it and i end up refunding, this one however gives you the option if you just want to see your hands or full body, the full body is good so i just left it, its really well made. One problem i have besides the grass is the heands, the ned better animations for them and with them looking a little to big the resting stage makes the hands look very strange, ALSO one more thing, it feels like something is wrong with where the controllers are when you aim down the sights you have to tilt primary hand down further than usual to be able to look down it, ALSO maps are just a tad bit too big for just 5v5, they need to make at least a 10v10. Other than those it is pretty fun to play I like it a lot and hope to see where it goes in the future! (ALSO shell casings fly out a little too slow please fix)
This is by FAR the most fun VR game I have ever played. Unreal Engine did this right. The graphics are the most beautiful in any milsim. I can see everything clear as day, and the combat is so much fun. This is a must have.
yes, i recommend it.   its  for once a serious early access in a playable status and all aspects supass my low expectations and it so good, i didnt even compare this game to pavlov, zero caliber and onward or war dust, because this game stands for itself with a instant high quality early acces start.   you can refund the money so you ahve no risk to see for yourself.   give the game a chance. iam actually very suprised how good early acces can be and contrtactors might be a silly name, but everything else feels very profesional !   now, create a strong community and play the hell out of this game.   good job cavemen studio!
Game is really damn good! Graphics are amazing. Just wish the loadout was closer to you (It's a little further out so I can't hold me gun pointing down with 2 hands) and I wish more of the doors would open or be functional. Oh...and Climbing! There are sniper towers you can't climb. Please fix this! Still a great game! Can't wait to see whats in store. I loved the Zombie button! Awesome touch. Maybe a night mode with a flashlight??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoMu2yHtTaA&feature=youtu.be  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXsH19ekw_8&feature=youtu.be  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyzFFLq_hZ8&feature=youtu.be
looks, works and feels great.
I want to take time to right a review for this game, because in my opinion its a VERY well made and well supported VR shooter, I might even go as far as to call it REVOLUTIONARY. I've been a huge fan of VR first person shooters ever since I got my rift. I've played TONS of Onward and Pavlov and I must say that Contractors scratches that itch that those two other games never really could. Let me explain, my main beef with Pavlov was it seemed too arcadey for me. Its basically counter strike for VR, which was never meant to be very realistic. With Onward If you make a mistake and get killed by a more experienced player, something that’s bound to happen to 99.99 percent of new players you will end up waiting 5,6,7 or more min just to respawn and get killed again so that you can wait another 5,6,7 etc min. It gets VERY boring VERY fast and it makes it VERY hard for people with no experience to just jump into the game and have a good time. Contractors strikes a balance between the two. Its tactical and realistic enough to make it more than an arcadey shooter like Pavlov but it allows you to respawn after a reasonable amount of time unlike Onward, this allows an unexperienced player to have a fun time and learn from their mistakes without being punished with a 5-7 min long wait in-between deaths. Also one thing that I must say is the GRAPHICS are AMAZING compared to both Pavlov and Onward. I expect this FPS to take off like a rocket and I hope it does. This feels like the first FPS game that was truly designed 100% for VR and not just an imitation of a preexisting 2d shooter. Also the devs have been really on top of discord and they are very open to comments from the community and they take our advice seriously. I really appreciate that and I know that they will continue to work on and be dedicated to this game in the future. This is a revolutionary VR game and it will be THE VR shooter that we will all know and remember. I hope this review has been helpful.
one of the best if not the best fps vr game.weapons feel smooth,granade,flash and smoke all throw without alot of effort.gun play is awsome and sound is on point.if your looking for a good fps this game is it props to the devs for the hard work
Contractors is the shooter all us frustrated with "the same old thing" have been eagerly awaiting. Incredibly fun, gun mechanics are fantastic, runs awesome and its early access. If you like action and multiplayer shooters...this is a MUST HAVE Time to put the consoles down and the headsets on once and for all.
Gameplay and graphics come together in a surprisingly optimized experience. Contractors leans a bit more towards the hardcore side of the main VR shooters. TTK feels right and a single well placed headshot will typically score a kill. The game just feels amazing to play - very responsive and graphics are on a different level from the other shooters. Feels just like playing  hardcore COD with an interesting take on the KotH mode. Amazing. Can’t wait to see where the devs take this game.
Great game can wait for more maps and differant game modes
the one thing that ive noticed with vr fps is that they give u nothing to work for, the second u play the game u get all the guns and attachments for it, that makes the game really boring, i wanna work for better guns or attachment, ill be more invested in the game, plus theres no rank system, this game would be a lot better with a rank system.
Awesome game all around.  Graphics\Art are hands down better than the compitition.  Looking forward to what comes in the future for this game!
Ive been watching and waiting for a great vr fps to compliment onward . This is it . Great mechanics with guns, love the maps and the game mode. from what ive seen, the developers are only to eager to give the players what they want. this game will only get better.
This game is so good!! The graphics are gorgeous, the game plays so good and smooth, weapon handling feels amazing. I love how they allow you to adjust the guns for people using a stock, it makes the fitment and the placement of the guns spot on. I highly reccomend this game. To me this game is the best first person shooter game out right now, I have played all of them and have beta tested most that are not out yet. This is amust buy, you wont regret it!!
Best VR tactical online shooter so far! Everthing is very polished, weapon handling / attachments, graphics, maps, sounds. 
If you're into tactical VR shooters then this game is the easiest recommendation I've ever made. It is just so much more polished than its competitors.   The graphics look great, and not just "good for VR" good, it's super detailed and the maps look really lived in. Audio is fine, guns sounds like you would expect. The gunplay is absolutely superb, this is a perfect example of what makes a good VR game. If you haven't played Contractors or one of its competitors then half of the fun is just using the weapon. Reloading becomes a 1:1 method, releasing the magazine and popping a new one in is super satisfying, and becomes so much harder when you're under fire which adds greatly to the immersion. Contractors does all of this as good or better than the other games in its class.  I guess my only slight criticism is that the game could develop a little more personality. Maybe a little music in the menu, some backstory or some background radio chatter in game. I dunno, I'm no dev and this has literally only just released into EA.  Get it.
really good game very well polished,  needs more modes though like team death match or something,  also needs more players 8v8,  the recoil on guns needs turned down abit its far to high and not true to real life guns. this will be vr best shooter in a few months when they fix the bugs, i rate it 8 outa 10
Great game and works great with knuckles with Steam VR input :)
As a beta testser and still to this day a player i can say that this is by far one of the greatest FPS VR Games there is. The graphics are absoulutely beautiful you feel totally emeresed. There are different attachments for guns including, red dot, reflex, acog, suppressor, tactical grips, and more im orbably missing. You can aslo choose different types of armor that increase your health but at the cost of weight. Your loadout is weight based, so each ite, down to the attahcments, have a weight to them. This makes your characters load out super customizable from hanguns with suppressors to sniper rifles, smgs, and assoult rifles ALL CUSTOMIZABLE! The multiplayer is excellent has allways run smooth for me and the hit boxes/health are amazing to me, Imagine a cross between CS GO and CoD but in a very good way. Your helth regenerates as long as you find cover after being shot at. The movement in this game is like any other FPS on VR which is a good thing. This is now my favorite FPS game to play on VR hands down must have at this price.
all is very polished!!!! specially for any early access: menu, settings, shooting range... even settings i've never seen for perfect use of a gunstock and now the game... awzesoooome gun feeling, moves including sliding when you're crouched. I love pavlov but sorry this will be rthe winner in few months
I did not participate in the Beta of this game.  This was my first session jumping into the game and let the fact that I didn't take the headset off for the recorded 2.3 hours straight tell you something.  I didn't find any unbalanced gameplay and I was doing just fine with about an even kill/death ratio despite being brand new.  Everything is unlocked and the weapon collection is good so far.  There seems to be only one mode though, where you capture nodes but you can respawn after a few seconds.  I would like a plant bomb type of mode where all players must be either eliminated or the objective must be reached, with out respawn.  Also, currently only 4 maps (though I like all 4 so far) and 5vs5.  Otherwise it's nicely detailed and tons of fun, the mechanics are good and the gameplay feels solid.  If you are a fan of Onward and Pavlov like me then this is a good one to add to your circulation...could be one of the best to be honest if it gains steam and a larger community.  I so far have not had a hard time finding games either.  Vive Pro+Wireless 7700k 1080 ti
Honestly this is the only game that i have interest when it comes to vr shooting , onwards is good, but i lost interest in it cuz its slow paced and the hp of players are very low, so basically its an insta kill, and pavlov is fast-shooter/CSGO type.. but the atmosphere of most maps are too cartoonish. (pavlov is a good game for those only with low specs pc because of how optimized is.) and for zero caliber... the physics in zero caliber is astonishing but.. the weapon mechanics and the "Ai" in story mode are kinda scuffed. and honestly, they didn't even try, yes they have lots of maps. yes they have lots of weapons. but the lack of support when it comes to multiplayer is a meh. so far they didn't even bother implementing PVP mode and basically we are stuck with only story mode which is boring. however, contractors on the other hand balanced almost everything. this game is like a fusion of onwards,pavlov and little bit of zero caliber (when it comes to maps) , so overall i give this game 8.5/10 (i know this game is still in early access stage but its great so far, can't wait to see the full release of it)
Played during the beta period and had a great time. Movement and weapon handling are top notch. Graphics are outstanding and the maps are amazingly detailed, with plenty of cover. Hoping for more game modes, but what's included is good for a start. This was an instabuy for me as soon as my beta key expired when the EA was released.
mad game
This game really suprised me. Gunplay is fantastic, nobody is a bullet sponge and while there is currently only four maps  they are graphically beautiful to explore and well designed. Loving it!
Contractors VR is a really good game. The graphics are good, gun handling is good, movement is good. There were not a lot of people playing multiplayer the minute the game launched (as it launched 9PM EST) but what I did play was really good.   They def need to iron out some of the guns though. Shotguns FEEL really powerful but take 3+ shots to kill someone. whereas a rifle takes 5+. Some rifles just make others feel useless. Did not test pistols, or snipers in combat.   Claymores have 3 lasers that come out about a foot. Should be more, they are kind of useless right now and dont even detect hands.   Throwables have jet packs attached to them. That is to say it takes little to no effort to throw a grenade or your knife much further than you could throw them IRL.   Heard really faint voices that might have been my team. I think the voip is screwed up as I didnt hear ANYONE talking thought I thought I heard it faintly. If I did, it was so faint I couldn't tell.   I have some complaints, but the game is REALLY FUN. That's why I gave it a good rating.  I would say 8/10.
Only played a short period but so far the weapon handling, reloading mechanics and use of grenades is clean and organized.  The visuals are some of the best ive seen in VR especially in multiplayer shooters.  Frame-rate is great.  Sounds and bounce of grenades are great. Using scope is clean and easier to use the most other vr snipers.  Only criticisms I can give so far is when pulling pin from grenade doesn’t feel great and when shooting someone the effects of being shot are lacking but most likely to keep  higher frame-rate which is more important.  Overall i think this can be the best MP shooter for vr.
An amazing game.
Love this game, the devs have done a fantastic job on the graphics, great VR interaction, super fun game play. This is gonna be one of the next big VR FPS.
Great graphics, very solid and very smooth gunplay, and gameplay that's about in-between Onward and Pavlov in terms of intensity. It's got a very nice variety of guns, especially for a game that was just released in Early Access. Performance is good overall, little else to say about it. All in all, everything about the game is generally very good, and surprisingly polished for a game so early in development.  Absolutely worth picking up for $20. The foundation is extremely solid and I absolutely look forward to seeing what comes next.
ONWARD is the SQUAD game of VR. Pavlov is Counterstrike. War Dust is Battlefield of VR. So where does Contractors sit? It's a hybrid of CSGO and ONWARD. The graphics are beautiful, the game runs solid. Highly recommended for those wanting some FPS action in VR.
Contractors is a FANTASTIC game! It's exactly what I've been waiting for in a VR shooter. The visuals are great. The guns feel great and the gameplay is action packed. Other VR shooters should look at this game to see what to do right. If you're thinking about buying this game, stop thinking and do it. You won't be dissappointed.
Best FPS in VR. Period. The quality of this game in both visuals and weapon functionality are just leagues above other similar games in this genre. Just buy it already.
A 5v5 hold the objective shooter. Really good!
One of the most amazing FPS games for VR! Awesome gun handling, movement, graphics, and gameplay. Played the beta for the last month (paid for the early release as soon as it launched) and developers are very responsive to changes. Also one the few games with a calibration for VR gun stocks ( BTW I recommend getting a magnetic gun stock for any FPS like Pavlov, Onward or Zero Caliber). Your offline HQ has several gun/tactical ranges and timed shooting training that focuses on pistols, SMGs, rifles and sniper rifles. The HQ can manually spawn bots and zombies to test different loadouts quickly. There is also offline solo mode against bots to playtest the different maps which are quite varied. Online is one best experiences I've had which requires a good amount of teamwork and communication to flank, snipe or guard while defending/assaulting the capture points. It's my go-to FPS.
I played in the beta, watched the development of the game, and I have really hopes for its future. The devs seem very committed to its success. If you like Pavlov and/or Onward, this is going to be a must have!
This is simply the best FPS for VR!! EVER!!
One of the best vr shooter and the devs are amazing!
first review on this amazing game. LOVED the beta! 10/10 reccomend. honored to be first review
